Let's have a closer look on how to load data from and save data to Airtable. First, we create an Airtable resource with our Airtable API key. Then we click on add request and select the resource we just created. Now we have to select the type of the request we want to make. Which type we select depends on what we want to do. If we want to load a list of records, we select getItemList. If we want to load a single item, we select getItem. We select createItem to create an item, and so on. I think you got it. Let's select getItemList for now. Don't worry, we will also go through all other types. We are now prompted to select from where in Airtable we want to load our items. We select the base and the table. We can now also limit the loaded records to a specific view if we like. Also, we can add custom filters to our request. Let's see how that works. A filter always consists of three parts. The Airtable field we want to filter by. A condition where an element should be included, when an element should be included. And the value against the condition should be tested. A great use case for a custom filter would be if we want to load requests that belong to a specific user. Let's do this. Over here we have our users table. Over here are our tasks that we want to load. In my users table, I created a formula field that returns the ID of my user. In my task table, I have a reference field to my user and also have a lookup field on that reference that returns the ID of my referenced user. We're going to use that lookup field with the user ID as the field we want to filter by. Then we select equals as condition and select the loaded user ID as the value against the condition should be tested. This is how we can load only the tasks of our logged in user. Let's now sort our list of tasks by name. We now have the option to limit the fields returned in our list. Mostly we won't use this, but there might be cases where you have a ton of fields in your table, but we'll only need a few in the application. It then makes sense to only select the ones you really need. This will make your requests slightly faster and is also super helpful in case you have a field that contains confidential data in your table. The default here will return records with all fields in your table. We now also can specify how many records we maximally want to load in our request. The maximum imposed by our table is 99. Minimum, of course, is one record. As the last step, we can define when our request should be executed. We can select on page load after another request or specify a custom condition. Let's select on page load. Well, that's it for load items request. Let's look at the other request types and continue with the get item type. This request is similar to the get item list request, only that it always only returns one record instead of a list. We again select from which base and table we want to load our record and then need to define the record ID of the item we want to load. We can obtain the record ID of an Airtable record by using the formula field with the record ID function as I did here in my categories table. Those records IDs are really helpful when building web applications and I strongly recommend you add such a field to each of your tables too. But back to our request settings. We again have the option to limit the loaded fields and define when the request should be executed. That's it for the get item request. Let's look at the create item request. We once again can specify where we would like to get the new record saved. So we select the base and the table. Now we see a block with fields. The fields we see are a one-on-one representation of the Airtable table we selected and we can fill the fields we want with any value from our datastore or even build a custom formula. As long as the automatic data format conversion is enabled, we will automatically format your data according to your field specifications so that your data gets accepted by Airtable. Please be aware that computed fields in our Airtable might be shown here, but of course they cannot accept a value as they are automatically filled or calculated by Airtable. The update list item is basically the same as the create item request, only that we here need to specify the record ID of the record we want to update. And regarding the delete item request, it basically speaks for itself. You specify the record ID and your Airtable record gets deleted. Of course, as with all other requests, you can also specify when the request should be executed on the bottom of the settings. OK, so we've learned how to build requests, but how can I run them if not on page load? Well, you can either chain requests and select a request after which our current request should run. This is handy if you rely on data from a previous request. Else, you could define a specific condition which triggers your request as soon as it becomes true. Lastly, you have the option to trigger your request by the click of an element. To do this, we select the element, go to on click and then select perform request. And then we choose our request. And this is how we can create custom triggers for our requests.