Okay, let's go through our element tab. Let's talk about the onClickElement property. This property can be set to all elements on our page and, as the name says, will trigger one or more actions as soon as we click on the element. We can choose whether we want to trigger a request, navigate to a URL, set a variable or set a cookie. Of course, we can also combine those different action types. Okay, let's take a look how navigating to a URL works. Simply select navigate to, then we can either define a URL ourselves with a custom text variable or we could use one that we have in our datastore. Note that this action overwrites any other specified link on the element. Setting a variable on click is also very easy. We choose set variable, then select one of our previously created variables and define a value. Setting a cookie is basically the same as setting a variable, only that we additionally can specify how long the variable should be stored on our user's device. In the world of cookies, we call that the cookie lifetime. Let's now go through the onChange properties and onChange settings. First, we might have noticed that the onChange property is only available on input and select elements. That is because, as the name says, it triggers an action when the value of an element changes. And of course, only input and select elements do have values. Other than that, the onChange property offers the same actions as the onClick property, with exception of the navigate to option. Most browsers need a click as a trigger to change the URL, otherwise they will flag the action as an unwanted popup and therefore will not execute it. If lazy is set to be true, changes in input fields, such as text input, will not trigger the action as every character is typed, but once the input field loses focus. So basically when you click outside of the element. Let's go through our visibility settings. The visibility property lets you define when an element should be visible. The element is visible by default, and either if the formula evaluates to true or if the formula evaluates to a non-empty string value. In all other cases, so if the formula evaluates to undefined, an empty string, false or null, the element will be hidden. Let's talk about the style setting. With the style property, you can select a CSS style and then simply set its value. This property will add the CSS to the element inline. So in case of conflict with a class given style, it will override it. And you simply select a style in the dropdown and then enter its value in the input field. And of course, over here again, you can select all data from a data store or just simply use a custom text variable. Let's talk about the class settings. The class property lets you add or remove classes from an element. To use it, you select either add or remove and then specify the name of the class that should be removed or added. Please note that the class will only be removed if its name exactly matches the one you specified. The text property enables you to replace the content of an element with a value. You thereby have the option to select if the value should be interpreted as a normal text or if it should be rendered as HTML. Note that in each case, all the content inside the element will be replaced. So better use this property only on elements with no children. Let's talk about the render list setting. This is one of the most frequently used and powerful element connection properties. What it does is that it duplicates the selected element for every item of the provided array. Thereby, it also scopes the property of the array item to the duplicated element. Let's see what that means by rendering a list of photos. First, we select our photo template element and drag the array with photo URLs to its render list property. Then we select the element and use the background image CSS setting to set the image. Let's preview. As we can see, the template photo got duplicated for each item in the array and the background image was set to the URL of each individual array item. Let's now talk about the value property. The value property, like the onChange property, only exists for inputs and select elements. It simply enables you to set a value for an input field, similar to setting the text of an element. This comes handy when you want to prefill a form with loaded values. Let's talk about the HTML attributes setting. If you have never heard of HTML attributes before, those are the key value pairs that define all properties of an HTML element, besides its tag. This is an underestimated but very powerful setting. It enables you to edit or add any HTML attribute, such as style, type, name, onClick, href, and many more. It's only recommended for advanced users, but if you know how to use HTML attributes, this property setting enables you to build almost everything. To use it, simply add a value for the key and the value of the HTML attribute you want to set, and it will set the attribute of the element. If the attribute already exists, it will be replaced. You can set as many HTML attributes to an element as you like.