In today's video, we're going to learn how to use the file upload feature in UIST. Now, in this tutorial, we're going to use Xano as our back-end, but these same concepts apply to any REST API. All right, let's get started. The first thing we need to prepare is our Webflow project. And here, we need to add a file input field. Now, unless you're paying for business hosting, you will not have access to this element over here. So you have an alternative, and that is to create a custom embed. And it's actually pretty straightforward. So let me walk you through it. If we expand this embed here, we can see that we have a label tag, and inside of it, we have this input tag. Now, this input has type set to file, and it has a whizzed attribute. Now, we set the whizzed attribute to input upload button. Now, what you need to make sure is that this for attribute is matching your input ID here. So these need to be the same. Okay, and now, if you wanted to style this element, you can do the following. You can style the label and hide the input. So what we're going to do here is we're going to add a button class to this element. This is a class that we already created in Webflow. So I'm going to write here button secondary. And this input, I want to hide. So I'm going to open a style tag, and inside here, I can just write some CSS. So here, we're going to select this element with the ID of input file. So let's just copy that. We can write here ID of input file. And here, we're going to write our styles. So here, we're going to write display set to none. Set to none. Perfect. And now, if we save this, we can see that our input looks like a regular button. All right, now that our project is prepared, let's publish it, and let's head over to UIST. So we can see that we have our element over here. And what we're going to do now is create a data out request. So we're going to create a new request. We're going to name it file upload. And here, under app, we're going to select file upload. Under authentication method, we're going to select REST API, because we're not using Firebase, Superbase. We're using a custom REST API. And here, we have to specify the endpoint. Now, this we can find in Zano. If we go to Zano, we can see that under API, we have a lot of endpoints, but we don't have a file upload endpoint. So we have to add that. We can add a new API endpoint here. We're going to choose upload content. And here, since we're not paying for Zano, we only have upload an image. We're going to select that, and we're going to save it. And this is going to create an endpoint for us. Now, we have to do a few modifications here. We have to change this input here from content to file, because this is what UIST is using under the hood. And then, we also have to make sure that in our function stack, we change this from content to file. You can see we have under input file, and we're going to save that. Now, we're going to copy our endpoint URL, and we're going to head back to UIST. Here, under API URL, now we have a URL. So we're going to paste that in here. And under file, I'm going to select this input over here. So I'm going to choose input, upload button. And we can see that we can already use this functionality. I can upload this logo over here, and I can run this request, and it's going to be successful. We get an object in return. But we still have to set up a trigger in the action. So we're going to go to actions. Here, I'm going to create a new action, and I'm going to call it upload file. I'm going to apply it to this input over here. And under configuration, I'm going to select on change, because when the input value changes, we want to run our request. So we're going to choose here, perform request. And here, we're going to choose file upload. Perfect. Now, if we refresh our canvas, we can use this functionality. But we are still not uploading that image to our database. If we wanted to do that, we have to do the following. Let's say in this create product request, we want to pass our image that we uploaded. So this is how we would do it. We can go to input here. And here, I already pre-filled those out, but we can see that we have this image field over here. Now, this can either accept a URL of an image, or in this case, what we want to do is choose file upload here, and we want to send this image to our database. And we want to send that whole object over here. So now, if we try to upload a file, let's say this logo, we can see that we got an object inside of that field. We have it down here. And we can run our request, and we can see that an object has been created. Now, this is a new product that I just created. So if I refresh the canvas, we can see that our image has been successfully uploaded here. And this is how you can build a file upload feature for your app. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video. Cheers.