Hi, I'm Emano and I'm a Customer Success Lead at WISD. In today's video, we're going to learn how to build a classified ads website with WISD, Webflow, and Xano. It's essentially a concept that's very similar to Craigslist, so we're going to have several user permissions and we're going to build that with Xano and with WISD. So we are going to have two user permissions. Admins will be able to post classified ads and the rest of the users will not be able to do anything else except seeing the ads. And yeah, it's quite a simple project, but these patterns that we're going to cover today are the main building blocks when you're building your app with Xano and WISD. So you can apply these same learnings to any app that you're going to build. So if you want to build along, make sure to clone both the Webflow project and Xano project. So in WISD, we're going to add a new project. Here, we can call it anything we want, but in this case, I'm going to call it Craigslist. And now I have to add the staging domain. This I'm going to get from Webflow. I'm going to paste it in here. And now I have to add the embed to my project. So I'm going to head back to Webflow. I'm going to go to the project settings and I'm going to paste the embed code in the custom code section. Then I'm going to save it and hit publish. Now we can head back to WISD and there we can open the configurator. All right. And here we have our project. Now it's time to connect our Xano backend to our WISD front end. And to do that, we have to go to my apps and here we're going to add a new app. We're going to add a new app. Here I'm going to call it Xano. And here I'm going to select Xano from the drop down. And here I have to add the Xano API group base URL. That I'm going to get here from Xano under API. Default endpoints. And here I can copy this URL. And I'm going to paste it here. Perfect. And now we can start making requests to Xano. But before we do that, let's head over to Xano and let's look at our backend. How it's structured. What we have so far. And then later we're going to build some additional functionality to it. So right now in our Xano project, we have basically in the database section two different tables. We have the users table and we have the ads table. So the users table contains our users. And I made here one test user that we can use in order to check if the functionality is working or not. And this is very similar to just a regular spreadsheet. It's the same way. It works the same way in Airtable. It works the same way in Google Sheets, whatever you're using. We just have columns and we have some values inside. And the same thing with ads. We have here the title, city, neighborhood, postal code, description. And this is similar to a Webflow CMS collection. We have all these fields and then we're populating that data on our app. So we have this here. We have the title, the description. If we open this, we have a few more details and so on. And Xano by default creates a lot of API endpoints. So you can communicate with these tables. So let's have a look at that. We can open these API groups here and we can see here that we have our ads table and we can get records from this ads table. We can get a single record. We can create a new record. We can delete records and so on. And same thing with our users. And here we have some additional endpoints that are for authentication purposes. So when a user is being created, it goes through this authentication flow and then a user is created in the user base. And Xano is not only a database, it's also a backend builder. So we can build some additional functionality and to do that, we need to enter any of these endpoints and then we can use this function stack to create some really advanced functionality. All right. For now, let's leave that aside. We're going to build something a little bit later. Let's jump over into UIST and let's build our authentication layer. This is going to be the main building block that we're going to need for anything that we're going to build. So to start building the authentication layer, we need to head over to auth. And here under authentication, we're going to select Xano. And then we can start building our requests. The first request that we're going to build is create new user. So we can click on this plus sign and this will create a new data out request for us and it will pre-populate a lot of the fields that we need. Then we can head over to the auth page where we essentially have just a login form and a signup form. Now, what we need to do in this request is we need to bind the email and password fields from this signup form over here to our request. We're going to go to input here and under email, we're going to select our email input. We can expand this general panel and here under input fields, we can select simply sign up email. Now, these attributes have been added to the Webflow project. So all these elements that I can access here have been added to Webflow before. I can show you quickly how this looks. When you add this wiz attribute here to an element and you add any name, then you can access this element inside of wiz. So this is what's happening there. So any element that we want to change with wiz or we want to pull some data from, we have to add this wiz attribute. All right. With that out of the way, let's continue. Next, we're going to bind the password field. Here, we're going to select the password input. So we can select here sign up password. And this will work out of the box. So if we fill out these fields and we run our request, it's going to be successful. But what we want to do is we want to trigger this request when someone clicks on this create an account button. So we're going to head over to actions. We're going to add a new action and we're going to call it submit signup. And here under apply to, we're going to select our submission button. Submit signup. And under configuration, I'm going to choose on click, perform request, create new user. And this will work out of the box. If I refresh the canvas now, I can add an email address here, let's say. And I write a password. I can create an account and I can see here under the request that I got an authentication token. Okay. Now this means that I'm authenticated, but nothing really happened on the page. I didn't get redirected anywhere. And what do I do with this out token in the first place? Well, let's have a look at this. This is a super important building block that we're going to use in all of our requests in the future. So let's learn how to configure that. We need to store this authentication token that we got from this request in a cookie. And later we can use that stored authentication token when we need to send that data to our request. So we're going to create a new cookie and I can call it token here. Under lifetime, I can select anything I want. In this case, I'll select one month. And inside of our request, we need to configure an after request action. Here, we're going to select set cookie, see token, and the value is going to be this token over here. So we're going to expand this data field and we're going to click on this field over here. So we have our out token. And we also need to ensure that this is only saved if the request was successful. So here under conditional, we're going to select this checkbox over here. And in condition, we're going to write the following. We're going to check if the status code equals 200. So status code 200 simply means that the request was successful. If the status code is 500 or 400 or something, that means we're having an error. Perfect. Next, we have to build login. To do that, we're going to do the same thing, more or less. So we're going to go under auth. We're going to click here on login user. And this is going to create a data out request for us. Here under input, we're going to select the email address. So login email, password, login password. And we can already configure this after request action. Set cookie is conditional. We're going to check if the second request was successful, not this first one. And if the request is successful, we're going to set this C token. This is our token cookie that we created in page data. And as the value, we're going to set the authentication token. Now, you will notice that we have this request number. It's r.1. And in this case, it's r.2. And the requests are pretty much the same. So I'm just going to select this and I'm going to change the number to our login request. Okay. And now when we get a successful response from the server for our login request and we get this authentication token, it's going to get stored in the token cookie. All right. And now I can basically log in. Or actually, let's create an account first, because I'll delete this account that I created before because I don't remember the password. So let's head over to Xano. I'll open the database users. I have the other user that I created later, and I'm going to delete this. Perfect. And now I can create this user once again, and the token is going to get saved. And we can see that this request was successful once again. And we can also see that this authentication token is saved in the cookie now. Perfect. Now let's set up a redirect. So when this login or signup request is successful, we want to redirect the users to the page where they can see ads. So we're going to go back to our request. And here, we're going to set up a secondary action. So we're going to add a new action. We're going to choose here, navigate to, and we're going to navigate to the home page, only if the request was successful again. So status code equals 200. Now we need to make sure not to select the wrong request here. So make sure to double check. And we're going to do the same thing for login user. Action, navigate to, the home page is conditional, is set to true. And here on the cookie, is conditional, is set to true. And here on the condition, we're going to select the following. R.toStatusCode equals 200. Perfect. And now if I refresh the canvas, I can test if this was configured successfully. So I can try to use the same login credentials that I just created in this previous signup request, and we should get a successful response from the server, and I should get redirected to the home page. So let's test this out. Let's run this request. I can see I got an authentication token, and I got redirected to the home page. Now, one thing that I'm still missing is setting the submit button functionality. So I'm going to go back to the auth page. And here I'm going to create another action for our login button. So I can just duplicate this submit signup action, because it's very similar. I'm going to call it submit login. And here I'm going to select the submit login button. One click, I'm going to perform the other request this time, login user. All right, now we should be all set with the authentication. Of course, you can also create some logic for forgetting your passwords, but we are not going to cover that today. So if the user forgets a password, they should have a separate flow where they can where they can retrieve their password, basically. All right, now let's go back to the home page. And here we're going to perform a load user request. So we're going to go to auth. And we're going to click on this plus sign next to load user. Here in this request, all we have to do is add our authentication token that we saved in the cookie. So here I'm going to select the cookie token. And the way this works is it's basically like a key to the backend, so to say. So if you don't send this token to the backend, the backend cannot figure out which user to load. The backend cannot figure out which user to load. So we need to send this token that we received after a login request on each and every page so that the load user request can execute and the user gets loaded. So under trigger, we're going to select in this case on page load. And here we can choose on which pages we want to load this request. So in this case, I'm going to choose something that's available on each and every page. So I'm going to choose the add item that's on this page and I'm going to also add the login page. So I'm going to add one more on page load trigger and here I'm going to select the login button. And we actually also have a third page, so I'm going to add a third trigger here. Submit add, and there we go. And now this load user request will get triggered whenever the page is being refreshed or whenever someone lands on the page for the first time. So we can close this, we can expand page data, and we can have a look at our load user request. If we refresh the canvas, we can see that this request is getting triggered and we get all the information from the user. Now that we have our authentication layer in place, let's head over to Zano and let's build the functionality that we need for fetching these classified ads. So here in Zano, we can look at the API endpoints. And if we go under ads, we can see that this is currently a public endpoint. This means that everyone can currently see these ads, no matter if they're logged in or logged out. Now we still haven't built the functionality in Wiz that's going to be fetching these records, but we're going to do that in a little bit. Now this is the endpoint that we want to leave public because we want to display the ads to anyone who comes on the page. So we're going to leave it like this. So here we can see the endpoint. So we're going to copy that because we're going to use that in a little bit. And we can also see what we get in return. So let's run and debug this endpoint and let's see what we get. And here you can see that we basically get this record, which we added to our database. If we added more record to our database, we would simply have more items here in the array. Okay. Now that we know that our endpoint is working, let's connect this endpoint to Wiz. So we're going to create a new data in request. Now, if you're wondering which type of request we are using for which endpoint, you can always check that in Zano. So here under API, you can see that this is a get request. And if you look at all the other endpoints, you can always see which type of request it is. So get requests, our data in request, and the