In today's video, we're going to learn how to do client-side form validation in UIST. Now, previously, we displayed error messages from the server when, for example, the user already exists in the database, etc. But in this case, we're going to learn how to do this. Basically, when a user writes something in an input field and the input is not valid, we're going to display this error right away. And this works for all of the fields and what also happens here is we don't even send a request to the back-end unless all of the inputs are correct, which saves us bandwidth and it also creates a better experience for our users. Alright, without any further ado, let's jump right into the project. We can see here that we have these input fields and we have an error message text field over here. Okay, this is hidden by default, but it's important that you note that this exists. Alright, now let's head over to UIST and let's start by creating some variables. So the first variable, which we're going to create, is going to be called emailWasTouched. And this variable is going to store a boolean, a true or false value, whether the user has clicked on this email field or edited the value of this input field or not. So the initial value we're going to set to our email input field and we're going to write boolean. So we're going to wrap this input field in a boolean because we want to get either a true or false value. Perfect. Now let's add another variable. This one is going to be called emailIsValid. And we're basically going to check whether the pattern of the email address is valid or not. And this is going to be the same value. So we can just copy it from here. Now, this might seem a little bit confusing, but we're going to be editing these variables whenever the user inputs something here. So we're going to get to that in a little bit. Okay. And now we're going to create a third variable, which is going to store the value that's inside of this input and we're going to call it emailInputValue. And here as the initial value, we're going to set the value to the input value, like so. So here we have boolean input email, boolean input email, and we have just the input email. Okay. And now we're going to do the exact same thing for our password input. So we're going to call this variable passwordWasTouched. The initial value is going to be our password input value, and we're going to wrap this in a boolean. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Now we're going to do the same thing we did before with passwordIsValid, and passwordInputValue. Now that we've created all of the variables which we'll need in order to validate these fields, let's set up the actions that are actually going to handle the validation. So we're going to start by adding a new action, and here I'm going to call this action validateInput. And I'm going to add it to my email validation folder, which I created earlier. Perfect. I'm going to apply this to our input here. And under configuration, the first thing we're going to do is we're going to set the value of this emailWasTouched variable to true if the user clicks on this input or if the user changes the input value. Okay. So we're going to select onChange, set variable emailWasTouched to true. Perfect. We are doing this because we want to first let the user type something in before we throw an error. So we don't want to show an error from the beginning because it feels like we're screaming at the user there's something wrong with this input. Okay. Now let's add another onChange action, and this action is going to set our other variable, which is the emailInputValue. And this value is set by default, but we want this value of this variable to update whenever the user types something in. So with each letter, we want this variable to get updated. So under value, we're going to select our input email field, and we're going to trigger this onInput. And now we're going to add a third onChange action here, and this one is going to set our emailIsValid variable. And here what we're going to do is we're going to select our input field, and we're going to write here .match, and we're going to open brackets like this. So here we can add a regular expression, and that's something that you can always just Google. The place that I like to use is regexr, and here you can find a lot of regular expressions that are provided by the users. So if you go down here under community patterns, you can find some of the most common regular expressions. In this case, we're interested in email validation, so we're going to select this regular expression over here, and we can simply copy this text over here. If you wanted to, you could also push it here, and then you could test it out. So we can write here a manual, and we can see that we don't have a match, and if I write at pinsuite.com, you can see here that we have a match, meaning that the text provided matches the pattern from this regular expression. Okay, now let's paste our regular expression in here, and we could hit done now, but what I want to do is I also want to wrap this value inside of a Boolean. All right, what this basically does is it turns whatever is provided inside here into a true or false value. Okay, let's hit done, and we'll also trigger this on input. We want this to get validated with each letter that the user types in here, and now you can see that this evaluates to false, but if I write a valid email address here, like, now you can see that this evaluates to true. Okay, let's close this now, and the next thing we want to do is we want to display the error message with some text down here if this input is not valid. So we'll add a new action, and I'm going to call it display error. In this case, I'm going to apply this to our error email field. Under configuration, I'm going to choose set visibility, and I'm going to make this error visible if email was touched and if the email is not valid. So we have email is valid, that's true or false, and we want to make sure that the email is not valid. Okay, now if the user touches this input field and types something inside that's not valid, we're going to display our error message, and we're also going to change the text of the error message because in our Webflow project, it just says error text. So we're going to choose here set text, plain text, and here we could write any message. You could write invalid email address, or in this case, I want to make it a little bit more complex, so I'm going to choose email input value here, and I'm going to check whether this value is empty or not, and if it's empty, I'm going to write this field is required. If the user wrote something but it's not a valid email address, I'm going to write invalid email address. So I'm going to check if this is falsy, and then if this is actually falsy, I'm going to write this field is required. Otherwise, if the user typed something in, I'm going to write invalid email address, and here I'm going to display the user's email address. So I'm going to simply copy this value over here, this variable which we're setting, and I'm going to paste it in here. And of course, I should add the plus sign, otherwise this will not work. Perfect. Okay, and if we refresh the canvas now, we should see our validation in action. So I can click here, and I can click out, nothing really happens, but if I type something in, and I click out, we should see invalid email address ddddd. Okay, if I delete this, we see this field is required, and this error message will be displayed unless I write something valid like .com, boom, and now it disappears. Awesome. Now, I want to do some more aesthetic things, I want to change basically this input color here and the label here as well, but that will really depend on how you built your input field. All right, in this case, I'm going to add an action, and I'm going to call it input color. I'm going to apply it to the input field, and I'm going to change two properties. First, the box shadow, and the value is going to be the following. So I'm going to check whether the email is not valid, and if the email field is not valid, I'm going to write this. So this will basically set the box shadow to one pixel and a red color, which I chose before. Otherwise, I will not do anything. Okay, and here I'm also going to change the border color as well, because Webflow by default will paint the border blue. All right, border color, and here I can just copy this value over here, paste it in here, and delete all of that because I only need the color. Okay, and this now will not work because our input will be painted red immediately at the start, but we want this field to be red only once the input was touched and there is an invalid value inside. So here we're going to check also whether the input field was touched. We have email was touched. Okay, and now only if there's an invalid email address written in the input field and the email field was touched, only then will we display this error color. And we're going to do the same thing here. Okay, and now if we refresh our canvas, we can see that our validation is working as expected. If we click outside, we have this color over here. If we delete that and we write a valid email address, we can see that it disappears. And now the last thing I'm going to do is I'm also going to paint this label red when there's an invalid email address. I'm going to call it label color. I'm going to add it to the same folder and in this case, I'm going to apply this action to the label. Email label, configuration, style. Here we're going to choose color and I can just copy the logic from here. So I can go to input color here where we're setting the border color and I'm going to do the same thing for label color. So if the email is invalid and the input was touched, then we're going to change the color to red. Otherwise, we won't do anything. And that's basically it. Now the next thing we have to do is repeat the same things for our password. So we can just duplicate these actions here and change the targets. Here I'm going to select the password input. And on the configuration, I'm going to set password was touched. Here I'm going to choose password value. Input password. And on the password is valid, I basically just have to change this regular expression because we have a different pattern for the email and the password. Okay, and this we can also look up in our regexr.com site. So if we go down here, we can find password validation and we can see what this regular expression checks for. It checks whether the password has at least eight characters, it must contain at least one uppercase and one lowercase letter and one number. Okay, so let's copy this over here. And let's simply paste this in here. And of course, we also have to replace this with our password input. Now for the error message, I'm going to choose a different message here. So here I'm going to write must contain at least eight characters, one uppercase, one lowercase letter, and one digit. Okay, and now if we try to refresh the canvas and we set here a password, we can see must contain at least eight characters, one uppercase, one lowercase letter, and one digit. Perfect. And if we delete all of it, it says this field is required. Okay, and now we simply have to do the same thing for the label and the input color for the password. So we're going to simply duplicate this. I'm going to change the target here to input password. And under configuration, I'm going to check for our password variables. So password is valid and password was touched. Okay, and I'm simply going to copy this, paste it in here. Okay, same thing with the label color. All right, and now the last thing we have to do is we also want to change this email was touched field and password was touched field when the user clicks on this button. So if the user tries to submit this request, we basically want to display an error in each field that hasn't been filled out yet. So here I'm going to call this action handle login submit. I'm going to apply it to the submit button. And under configuration, I'm going to choose on click, set variable, email was touched to true. I'm going to change password was touched to true as well, like so. And basically, if we refresh this canvas now and we just click on the button, we can see this field is required.