this video we're gonna use Wiz and Xano to build social sign-in with Facebook. Now if you used social sign-in with Google and you built that already then you're gonna see that we're following the exact same pattern and this same pattern applies also to OAuth0 and logging in with LinkedIn, GitHub, etc. Alright without any further ado let's jump into Xano and let's set this up. So in my project I already set up a user database and in the marketplace I already added this Facebook OAuth extension. So once you add this to your account you have to configure it and you're going to need this Facebook OAuth client ID and the Facebook OAuth secret and you can get those in your Facebook developer account. So if you search for meta for developers you can create a free account there and the first thing you need to do is create a new app. Here I'm going to choose consumer. I'll click next. I'm gonna give the app a name and I'm going to create the app. Now here I'm going to add Facebook login and I'm going to click on settings. The only thing I have to add here is the OAuth redirect URI and this is the URL to which we want to redirect the users once they sign in with Facebook. So this is in my case the path to my login page. I'm just gonna add this and I'm going to save the changes. Now also for your app you probably want to also set this to live mode and you also want to add your privacy policy but I'm just going to leave this out now. And now if I go to settings basic I can get the app ID and the app secret. So I'm going to copy the app ID, paste it into Xano here and I'm going to add the secret right below. And that's it. Now if I hit update this is going to be saved. Cool. And now the next thing I have to do is go to API. Here under API groups you're going to notice that you have Facebook OAuth and if you added Google OAuth or LinkedIn OAuth they're all going to be listed here. Alright so I'm going to open Facebook OAuth and I'm gonna copy this URL here. In UIST I'm going to add a new app and I'm gonna call it Facebook OAuth Xano. Under app I'm going to select Xano and here I'm going to paste in my Xano API group base URL which I just copied. Now for every API group that you have you need to create a separate app in UIST. Now let's look at the endpoints. Here we have a couple of different endpoints but what's important to note is that we need to first use this Facebook init endpoint and this endpoint is responsible for sending users over to Facebook so that they can log in and then later it redirects them back to the URL which we specified. In our case it was the login URL. Then we can choose whether we want to use this endpoint over here which is Facebook continue or if we want to use login and sign up. Now sign up allows users only to sign up as the name suggests login allows users to log in but continue allows users to either sign up or log in depending on whether they have an account already or not. So if they are logging in and they click continue they will be logged in. Alright with that out of the way let's learn how to set this up. So first we're going to expand this OAuth Facebook init endpoint and we're simply going to copy this endpoint. We can see here this is a get request so we need to go to data in and create a new request which we're going to call Facebook init. Under app I'm going to select Facebook OAuth Xano and under URL endpoint I'm going to paste in the endpoint which I just copied. Under method I'm going to select get and now I have to add a URL parameters here. If we head over to Xano we can see that we only need to add one input which is this redirect URI. I'm going to paste this in here and here we need to add the same URI which we specified in our Facebook app. Now in this case this was the login page of our app. So I'm going to simply paste this in here and now let's run this request. We can see here that we get in the response a URL and this is the URL to which we want to redirect our users so that they can log in with Facebook. So here after request we're going to choose navigate to is conditional of course if the request is successful. So if status code equals 200 for our request we're going to redirect the user to this field over here. Cool and now we have to add a trigger so that we run this request when a user clicks this continue with Facebook button. So we're going to go to actions here we're going to create a new action and we're going to call it submit Facebook in it. We're going to apply it to our continue with Facebook element and on the configuration we're going to choose on click perform request Facebook in it. Now that our trigger is set up if we refresh the page we can already click on this button but note that you can't do this in our UIST embed over here you would need to do this on the live site. So let's see this in action now I can click continue with Facebook this is going to redirect me to the Facebook page I'm going to click continue as a manual here and now I'm going to be redirected back to the login page but you'll notice one thing we have this code query parameter here in the URL and we have a token here so we need to get this token and we need to use it for our continue endpoint. So for now I'm simply going to copy this head back to UIST and I'm going to go to page data. In page data I'm going to click on navigation and here I'm going to add a new query parameter called code. Now this will take the value that we have in our URL under code in this case this token over here. Okay now let's build our request I'm going to go to data in I'm simply going to duplicate this Facebook init request because it has already the redirect URI which we will need as well. So the name I'm going to change to Facebook continue and this endpoint I'm going to change to Facebook continue. Under redirect URI I'm going to use the same page that we had before and in this endpoint you'll notice that we have one more URL parameter which we need to send. So if we go to this endpoint right here Facebook continue you're going to see that we have code and redirect URI. So here we're going to add our code input and as the value we're going to for now set this to the value that we received in our browser which is for now just hard-coded but later we're going to replace this with our query parameter which we created. All right and here I can just delete this section and now we can see what we get in the response from this request. So we can run this request and we can see we receive a valid token from Xano and this is our authentication token which we need to store in a cookie. So we're going to go here to after request we're going to choose set cookie. Here I created already a cookie called token in the page data settings and the value I'm going to set to the token value of our request response. So I'm going to expand this data field I'm going to go down to the bottom to the last request and I'm going to select this token field. Now under trigger I'm going to choose variable condition and here I'm going to select our query parameter. So if we get the code in the URL we want to run this request. So I'm going to select that I'm going to hit done and I'm also going to change this value that we hard-coded earlier with this query parameter value because each user will get a unique token so this would not work. All right this token has been used already just for the sake of this example so we're going to delete that we're going to paste this in here and now this field will be dynamic. And now the last thing we need to do in this request is set up another after request action. So when this request is successful and we receive a token which we save in the cookie we want to redirect the users to the dashboard. So here under action we're going to choose navigate to the dashboard page and of course under is conditional we're going to choose only if this request was successful. So if status code equals 200 cool. Now we can close this and now we can test our configuration on the live site. We can click here on continue with Facebook this is going to redirect us to Facebook now we can log in we're gonna be redirected back to our login page and now we're gonna be redirected to our dashboard. And as we can see everything is working as expected. Now when you want to create some authenticated requests in your Xano app you can do it the same way as we did in our previous tutorials where you simply add this token value in your request. That's basically it. Thank you so much for watching and if you want to learn how to set the same thing up with Google then make sure to watch this video over here. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye!