What if I told you that WSD and things with attributes work together out of the box? Sounds too good to be true? Well, it does sound too good to be true, but it's true. In this video, I'm going to show you how to sort and filter data that's being rendered with WSD. Now, note that we're not starting entirely from scratch. We already have all of the attributes applied to the right elements. We have WSD attributes, CMS sort attributes, and CMS filter attributes applied to all of the elements that are needed. We have our filtering form and sorting form here, and we have our CMS filter and CMS sort script inside of the head tag. Now, the only thing that we need to do here is add CMS element attributes, and the reason why we need to do that is because we are not having a collection list here. Instead, we are using regular divs. So, here we have our product list wrapper, and here we're going to add an attribute of fs CMS element, and here we're going to write wrapper. Then, we're going to move to our list, and here we're going to write the same thing, fs CMS element, but in this case, as the value, we're going to write list. Finally, we're going to move to our products item, and here I'm going to add an attribute of fs CMS element, and the value I'm going to set to item. The documentation for this is available only to FinSuite Plus members, but if you're following along this tutorial, you can still use this attribute. Now that we added our CMS element attributes, we can just publish the project, and it's going to work out of the box. You can see here we are rendering a list of items, and if I click on the filtering buttons or the sorting select drop-down, we can see that the items are being sorted and filtered. And that's basically it. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one. Cheers.