So, what we are going to build in this tutorial is the My Agency application. And it's basically a login interface for freelancers and agencies that they can provide to their clients and their clients can see an overview about their ongoing projects. Of course, they can log in before they see the overview of their projects and then they can go to the project detail page, see some more details about the project, the progress and the development status, see maybe some screenshots of the project and can comment on the progress. And we're going to feed our application from an Airtable database. So we're going to use this table to store our users. We are going to store our projects over here and over here the screenshots and the comments over here. So yeah, that's basically what we're going to build and yeah, let's dive right in and create a new project in UIST. So I now paste in the domain of my hosted webflow site, clean it up and it should be valid now. Yes. Now I'm copying the embed code and I'm going to paste it in the project settings under custom code. Over here in the body, save, publish and we should be good to go. Yes, we're good to go. You can click continue and we can now open our configurator. So yeah, now we have a fresh instance of the wizard configurator. We are on our login screen, but as we can webflow, we can also navigate our pages over here. Yeah. And as you can see, there are no settings attached to any of our elements. So it's really a fresh instance, just newly created project. So what are we going to do first? We are first going to build our authentication layer. So we're going to start with adding a resource. We are adding our air table resource because over there is where we store our users. I'm going to enter the air table API key now, get it from the account page, test the connection, connected, perfect. Next thing that we do is we go to project settings and we enable login. And now we choose the resource we just created. And I'm going to select my agency. It's not quite clear here, which one I'm selecting. So let me go back and really make sure that it's like the right base. Those both have the right same name. Let me just call it tutorial. And yeah, let me just quickly refresh. And yeah, pick the right one. Go to our users table. And over here, I'm going to select email for our email field. And that's basically this field over here. That becomes the prime identifier for our user. User location valid. So that's all we are going to do, need to do here. We are now going to our login page. And let's configure the login. So we're going to our user tab over here. We are selecting login on this page. And we have a magic link login over here. So we're going to select the email field and login button over here. And that's basically all we need to do for the magic link login. The next thing that we do is we select the redirect so that every logged in user is automatically getting redirected to the dashboard page. And yeah, quick recap. Magic link login is just that the user is entering his email. And then he gets an email with his login information so that he can just click a link. And he automatically gets logged into the application. All right, so yeah, it's already looking pretty good, actually. What we're going to do next is we are making sure that the dashboard can only be accessed to users that are authenticated. So we go again to our user tab. We select limit access to this page. And we set require visitors to be logged in to access this page. And the fallback page should be our login page. And we proceed and do the same for our project settings to not project settings, our project subpage. OK, that's already pretty much everything we need to do for the authentication layer. What we now want to do is we want to load all the projects of our user. So yeah, first, let's preview this page as our logged in user so that we can load this information. Yeah, now we have the same information available in our datastore as we would have if we would be logged in as a user. So we preview basically our configurator as this user in the logged in state. We go again to add our first request. We select load projects. Select our Airtable resource. Get item list. But of course, we do not want to get all the projects. We only want to get the projects that are connected to our specific user. And in order to do that, we need to create a new project. So let's create a new project. And let's say we want to get all the projects that are connected to our specific user. And in order to do that, we are creating a custom filter and set that only if the user ID equals the ID of our authenticated user, then the record should be included. And yeah, this one should be exactly the same as the logged in user in order to load this. So only basically this whole table gets filtered and only the matching ones will get sent to our front end. OK, we're going to select execute on page load. And that's already pretty much it. Next thing we do is we connect. Let's first execute our load projects request. And yeah, we got all the data. Yeah, let's now connect our project element, so the wrapper with the array element so that we render basically one item for each of our load projects. Yeah, that's working. So yeah, we have two projects connected to our user. So it's totally fine. Next thing we do is we connect the name of our project preview. Perfect. Let's maybe just filter the request that's sorted so that they get loaded alphabetically in descending order. That should make sure. Yeah, now they are in the right order. Let's now connect our budget. We simply select budget. And then we add the euro symbol as a custom variable. Next, let's connect our progress. So our progress is basically just saved as a percentage over here. We have a small field that is basically changing the percentage to an integer. And yeah, we're just going to connect that and give it a style attribute so that we can toggle the width of our process bar over here. And of course, our width also needs a unit. So we could either add pixel, but it would not be accurate. So we add percentage so that we can basically just resize this block for different percentages. Let me just check if everything's working. Should be 34%. But actually, it's not taking effect. So maybe I will first add over here. The value is getting loaded, but somehow I have an idea. I think we have a space between. And yeah, it's not recognizing this CSS value with a space between. It's not valid. So yeah, this is a little bit tricky. And it's basically a wizard-specific thing that we now need to add a plus symbol between those two strings, between those two values, in order to remove the space. Because wizard was just treating it as two separate values and was just creating one string out of it. So it was treating it like two different words. And that's why it added one space between. And if we just add a plus over here, the strings basically just get added. And there's no space in between. So it's not treated like words. OK, so let's preview. And yeah, now it's working. Great. OK. Next thing we do is we set our status. And now we set the status color, so the color of our text. Oh, it's that one. Yes. And next style is our background color. That's basically just the status color with a 10 behind it, in order to say it's just 10% opacity. And here again, you need to add the plus symbol to make it work. So yeah, we also changed the background color now. And our projects, this over here is already looking pretty good. Next thing we do is we set our loading spinner to only be shown when our request is loading. So only if this value is true. So if we now run our request, it's loading. Perfect. And yeah, we could maybe just invert the loading variable for here. So I guess it's not taking into effect, because this element is anyway only rendered when our array is set. And the array is only set basically when the element is loaded itself. So we don't need to set a visibility on this item over here. Next thing we do is we change the welcome text over here. Let's change it to our username. Add the welcome text front. Welcome. Maybe again add the plus over here. There's no space. Perfect. So yeah, now in order to navigate to the project subpage, basically I've already created a link in the Webflow project. So all we need to do now is, so yeah, we have already the link over here to the project overview page. And what we need to do now is we need to add the ID of the project. So because the project overview is only a template, and we need to load the right project and fill it with the right information. So to do that, first we go to our project subpage. We add a URL parameter and call it just project ID. Now we go back to our dashboard. And we just set the project ID parameter to the ID of this project. And if we now navigate, we can see that the project ID is automatically added to the URL. And this page now has an ID of which project it should load. So yeah, let's make the request and load the project. OK. Execute on page load. And let's run it. And voila, we got the request of our page that's connected. Start with a name. We collect the client name. Set the deadline. Set the budget again. Add the euro symbol. Start date.