In this video we're gonna try to demystify conditionals. Now you might have heard us say things such as if-else statements or ternary operators or conditionals and they all are pretty much the same thing. So basically an if-else statement sounds the most descriptive so I'm gonna call it in this video like that. Basically we have a condition so this condition either evaluates to true or false let's say one is greater than zero that's our condition and then if this is the case we're going to display true otherwise we're going to display false. And here we can see that we get true but if we invert this we get false. And we can use this conditionals or if-else statement to build some really advanced logic in our app. For example we can check whether the current user has loaded so we can check if status code was 200 if the request was successful let's delete the rest here. Equals equals equals 200 and then we're going to check also if the current user is Hades Cliffjumper. So we're going to write full name equals equals equals Hades Cliffjumper and this condition will evaluate to true only if the user that's currently logged in is Hades Cliffjumper and then we could write some logic that's only applicable to that user and we would do that by writing question mark so this is the condition and then if Hades is currently logged in we're going to write hi Hades otherwise we would write hi there. If we now go and invert this equals equals equals comparison operator then we're basically going to see this second message. So let's look now at a real life use case that's a little bit more complex so we have some really complex ternary operators. All right let's close this now and let's look at some advanced logic that you can build with ternary operators. So in the Maya project we basically have an admin dashboard and we have a customer dashboard and if an admin is trying to get to the customer dashboard we are redirecting the admin back to the admin dashboard and if the customer is trying to access the admin dashboard we are redirecting the customer to the customer dashboard. All right so let's look at how we handle this redirects with ternary operators. First let's talk about the admin dashboard logic. So here we are having just a condition so this will just evaluate to true or false and we are checking if this request number three is currently requesting and if it was a successful one. Then we're also checking whether the user that's currently trying to access the admin dashboard is an admin. So only if the user is an admin is he or she supposed to stay on this page otherwise we have the fallback logic. So the fallback page we didn't just write a page here we did the following. So we are checking here if the user is not an admin and if the user is not an admin we are redirecting the customer to the customer my orders page. Otherwise if the user didn't meet this condition is admin but the user is not a customer then we have this else statement over here. So we will bring the person to the login page because that means that the user is not logged in because each and every user has this is admin field which is either yes or no. All right and then we have the same thing for the customer dashboard. Here we have the condition we are checking whether is admin is no and of course the user has been loaded and then we have the same logic but inverted. So we are here checking if the user is an admin or if the user has not logged in. So if the user is an admin we're going to redirect this user to the admin dashboard otherwise we're going to redirect that user that's trying to access the customer dashboard back to the login page because they are not logged in at the moment. And these have been conditionals in a nutshell hopefully this gave you a little bit more clarity when it comes to this super powerful logic component.