In this lesson, you're going to learn how to navigate around the UIST configurator. First, we're going to learn how to access the configurator, and then we're going to cover the main panels and toolbars. The UIST configurator allows you to visually build your web app. Think of it as a powerful logic component on top of your Webflow website. Through the configurator, you can connect your site with other apps, receive data, send data, update states, and much more. As you build your app, the configurator creates clean, lightweight, and performant code for you. There are two main ways to access the UIST configurator. First, from the dashboard by clicking on Open Configurator in your project, and the second way is when you're creating a new project by finishing the project setup and clicking on Continue. The configurator consists of the main canvas and a set of toolbars and panels. Here's an overview. The canvas, the left toolbar and panels, the top bar. Let's break down the left toolbar. The left toolbar contains tools which form the main functionality of UIST and a few other helpful links. Let's start with the first one, My Apps. This opens the Apps panel from where you can connect to other apps. From the drop-down, you can select any of the most commonly used apps. If the app you want to connect to isn't listed, you can choose REST API. REST API allows you to connect to almost any app out there. Next, we have the Data In panel. This opens the Data In panel from where you can configure requests that get data from your apps. Here, you can get data from any app you previously connected in My Apps. This panel allows you to see and change incoming data from a request. You can filter, sort or limit incoming data. You can also change fields using logic or formulas, set up triggers and choose what happens after a request. Next, we have Actions. The Action panel shows all your UIST elements, the actions that you have on the page, and it lets you create new ones. Actions allow you to trigger requests and change layouts based on user's input, request status or page load. Next, we have Data Out. Similar to Data In, the Data Out panel lets you configure requests. Just like Data In, Data Out lets you change fields using logic or formulas, set up triggers and choose what happens after a request. Next, we have the Out panel. Out is short for authentication. This panel lets you build login and sign-up flows with ease. In the Out panel, you can configure login, sign-up, reset password and set new password forms. Once you configure this option, you can start building app logic based on user information. You can protect content from unauthorized users, you can also customize certain elements and layouts based on the user's plan and much more. Next, we have the Settings panel. The Settings panel allows you to do several things. You can change your plan or see your usage, toggle the Wiz branding, change your project's domain, access your project backups and you can access the project's embed code. You can also make a project clonable and you can delete your project. Next, we have Page Data. The Page Data panel is a place where you can find all of the data at your disposal. Here, you can find data that is being requested from your apps and data that can be sent out like inputs, variables, query parameters and computed values. Next, we have the Debugger. The Debugger opens the debugging panel. Here, you can find any bugs you had or are currently having. For issues that are still present, you can click on the Fix Issue button to open the panel which is causing the issue. Then, we have Get Support. The Get Support drop-down provides you with tools to make using the configurator easier. Resources allows you to browse the Wiz Intelligence Center. From here, you can also navigate to the Learning Paths, Articles or the Forum. Next, we have Contact Us. This opens a model from where you can choose how you want to get in touch with us. If you want to report a bug or you just want to chit-chat. Next, we have Light and Dark mode. Well, this is pretty much self-explanatory. You can toggle between light and dark versions of the configurator. Another major area of the configurator is the Canvas. This is where you can see all of the changes in real time. Then here, we have the Top Bar. The Top Bar provides a navigation panel and some useful tools to preview, save and publish your site. Starting from the left side and moving to the right, you have the following tools. If you click on the Wiz icon, you'll get directed back to the dashboard where you can see all of your projects. Here, we have the Project Indicator. This shows you which project you're currently working on. Next, we have the Page Indicator. This shows you on which page you're currently at. Clicking on this indicator opens the Pages panel where you can switch to any page you like. Next, we have the Refresh Attributes button. If you just added a new attribute to your project, then you'll need to hit the Refresh Attributes button. Undo lets you undo and Redo lets you redo an action you took in the configurator. Then, we have the Save Indicator. The Save Indicator shows you when your project is being saved. Note that your work in the configurator is being saved automatically, so there is no action you have to perform to save your work. Then, we have the Preview. The Preview button simply opens your published project in a new tab. Note that the Preview is always on the staging domain of your project. And finally, we have Publish. Publish opens a modal from where you can publish your project. You can choose if you want to publish your project to your staging domain or a custom domain. Note that in order to publish your project to a custom domain, you'll need to have a paid plan. And that's an overview of the UIST Configurator. UIST Configurator