This is the wizard configurator. Over here, you can visually build requests to data sources and then connect the data to elements on your page. Also, you can build a login system, create custom rules so that only authorized people can view certain pages, and build checkout flows to sell products or memberships via Stripe. But wait, how did we get here? And how is there a configurator on top of my webflow site? Let's take a step back and watch how wizard integrates with your site. First, you create a new project in wizd, enter the domain of your website, then you copy those short snippets into your site. Publish and voila. As we open the configurator, we can see that all pages of the site and all content has been automatically imported and we are now ready to work with it. Pretty easy, right? Now, let's build a request and load some tasks. I've already created an Airtable base where my to-dos are stored, so all I need to do is click on add resource, specify a name, and enter my Airtable API key. Now, let's proceed with creating our actual request. Again, we specify a name, select a type, and then choose from where in Airtable we want to load our tasks. We now have a ton of filtering and sorting options, but let's skip them for now. Finally, we now make sure that our request is executed on page load and click save. If we now go to our data tab, we can see that the request has already been executed and our data has been loaded. So far, so good. You might notice that there's already one task element on my page. I have created it previously as a normal element inside the Webflow Designer. Let's select its name and replace its text by the name of a task we loaded. Perfect. But, of course, we not only want to display one of the tasks we loaded, but all of them. To accomplish this, we are going to select our task element. Then, we drag and drop our array element to the render list setting. The array element contains all our loaded tasks and now the configurator knows that it should duplicate our task element for each of them. Let's preview. It's already looking pretty good. As the last step, let's display the correct task indicator based on if our task has already been accomplished or not. To do this, we are selecting the visibility option of our task done indicator and we are building a quick formula that specifies when we want to display it. Let's do the same for our task not done indicator. Again, let's preview. Fantastic. But we are not done yet. We could build so much more. For example, we could now let the user click on the task indicator and toggle it whether it's done or not. We could add a login so that those tasks don't lay unprotected in the internet. Maybe we want to add a drop down with which we can filter and sort our tasks or even want to add payment options with different tiles so that only paying users with an active membership can use our fancy task app. In fact, we are going to do all of this with the wizard configurator. To see how, sign up or go to wizard.io resources.