Once you log into your Wizd account you'll get to the dashboard. Here you can see a list of all your projects and workspaces. To create a new Wizd project click on the primary button in the upper right corner. This will lead you to the next screen where you can set up your project. The first thing you need to do here is to name your project. Next, paste your Webflow staging domain here and finally copy the code embed from step 3 and add it to your Webflow project. To do that head over to your Webflow project, click on project settings and then go to the custom code section. Insert the snippet in the body of your website, hit save and publish your site. That's it. If you click continue you can start working on your project right away. For now though we are going to go back to our dashboard. Beside projects we can also use the dashboard to create additional workspaces, add collaborators and switch plans for our existing projects. Let's create a new workspace for our team. Here we can add as many collaborators as we like. To rearrange your projects or move them across workspaces simply drag and drop your project around. Finally, if we want to switch our project from the staging domain to a production domain we will need to upgrade our plan. We can do this by clicking on the change button, selecting the desired plan and completing the checkout. Now let's sum up what we just covered. In the dashboard you can create new projects and workspaces, add collaborators, organize your projects and switch plans. And that's it for the UIST dashboard walkthrough.