Data out is used whenever we need to send some data from our app to an external source. Now, before we can start building a data out request, we need to add an app to MyApps. Now, in this case, I connected already to Airtable, but you can connect to any other backend you like. You can connect to Xano, to Firebase, Superbase, and so on. In this case, we're going to build a simple request. When a user fills out a form and submits it, we're going to create a record in Airtable. So, we need to make sure that all of these fields are matching with whatever we're having in Airtable. So, in this case, I added fields FirstName, LastName, Email, and Message. And we have that here. Now, I also added with elements. You can see here, if we look at our Webflow build, I added WL FirstName, WL LastName. So, we have all of these with elements in place. Alright, so let's get started. The first thing we're going to do here is click on the Add button. This will enable us to add a new data out request. And here, I'm going to call it SubmitForm. Alright, then I have to select the app to which I'm going to send data. In this case, that's Airtable. API type, it's not an authentication request, it's a database request. So, we want to create a new row in our database. Alright, and method, this is something that's very different from DataIn. So, in DataIn, we are only creating get requests. So, we are getting data from somewhere. Here, we have three different types of requests. CreateItem, which is a post request, and it creates a new item in a database. We have UpdateItem, which is a put request, and that updates any item, as the name suggests. And we have a DeleteRequest or DeleteItem. So, we can delete any record we have in Airtable. Now, in this case, I want to create a new item. So, I'm going to select that. Under Base, I have to select to which base I'm going to add a record. In this case, it's MyWizProject. And then, finally, I have to select the table. In this case, it's the FormSubmissions table. Alright, now I have to map the fields from this form behind here with these fields. Luckily, I named them exactly the same as these fields, so it's going to be very easy. So, first, I'm going to click on this data field here, and I'm going to select FirstName. Then, we have LastName. Here, we have Email. And, finally, we have the Message. Alright, under Trigger, I'm going to leave this empty, because we want to create a trigger on the FormSubmit button. Alright, note that the DataOutRequest also has a response. So, the server responds whether it was a successful request or if there was an error, and there might be some information that the server is sending back to us. And you can use that information across your whole app. We're going to get to these things later, but for now, let's just keep everything as is, and we're going to hit Save. Now, the only thing that's left is we have to set up a trigger on this SubmitForm button. Now, let's head over to the Actions panel. Here, we're going to create a new action. I'm going to call it ClickSubmit. Alright, and here, I'm going to apply this on the FormSubmit button. Submit button, there we have it. And now, under Configuration, I'm going to select OnClick, because when the button gets clicked, we want to perform something, and that's going to be a request. And here, I'm going to select our SubmitForm request that we created in DataOut earlier. Once I hit Save, we can test our configuration. Alright, so let's give it a shot. Let's hit Preview, and let's fill out our form. So, I'm going to write here Emanuel Progonia. I'm going to write my email. Hello there. Once I hit Submit, we should be able to see that result in Airtable. And there we have it. We can see that the data has been successfully submitted. If we wanted, we could go ahead and make this user experience even better by adding loaders, throwing a success message, and so on. But for now, though, let's sum up what we learned. We covered first the basics of DataOut request, then we built a request that sends data to Airtable, and finally, we tested our solution out. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.