Hey, how's it going? Today, Webflow released a really, really cool feature that will help us with developers quite a lot. They introduced attribute overrides within components. So let me show you quickly how it works. We have a project here and we have essentially the same form on this page where we can update current users like so, and we have that same form here on the create page. Now, there is one major difference. This one shouldn't be pre-filled and it allows us to run a create item request and the other one on the update page should be pre-filled and it should run a different request. So let's have a look at our Webflow project and let's see how this is set up. We have this same form component on both pages. The only difference is that we have attributes overrides applied to them. So we can expand this field here and we can see here that this field is being dynamically pulled. So we can simply select the parent component and we can override that attribute. So we have here update name and we can change this to anything we'd like. If I go now to the other form, we can see that this same input field will have a different attribute. So if we select this form, we can see that we have here input create name. In the other form, we had input update name. As you can see, this feature is coming in really handy when we have use cases like this where we have the same component essentially performing several requests or performing different requests. Yeah. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye.