From now on, your apps are going to be built in a much safer way. In other words, you're going to be less likely to introduce bugs when you're creating actions or requests. That's because under the hood, WISD will check whether you filled out all of the required fields. If you haven't, it will not save your configuration. Only valid configurations where you filled out all of the required fields will be saved. Let me show you how the new auto-saving feature with field validation works. Let's say we wanted to create an action. And you'll see by default, this action is not automatically saved. We have to fill out all of the required fields. So, in my case, I'm just going to call this action set text. And I'm going to choose under type element. Now, what happens if we try to close this action now? We're going to get an alert and it's going to ask us whether we really want to close this panel because it's going to discard our changes. Then we can choose OK or cancel. In my case, I haven't finished the action. It hasn't been saved. So, I'm going to click on cancel. All right, let's fill all the other required fields. Here, I'm going to select the element. The action is also required. So, here I'm going to choose set text. Under text type, I'm going to select plain text. And also, the last field that's required is the text. Here, under text, I have to specify a return value. Otherwise, the configuration is not going to be valid. So, here I'm going to write return hello world. And as you can see, the configuration has been saved when I filled out all of the required fields. And that was the new autosave feature in UIST.