Another really cool feature are event-based actions. Before we had event-based actions in a few places we had access control rules which would check if an attribute is present on the page and then we would run some logic to keep the user on the page or send the user to the login page. Another event-based action was the after request section inside of data in and data out requests. We would wait for our request to finish and we would run some logic. Well all of this if you think about it are event-based actions. An event occurs on the page and then we run some logic. So we decided to move all of this to the actions panel. We no longer have actions inside of requests. We no longer have the auth panel with access control rules. All of this logic has been moved to the actions panel. So when you're creating a new action you can choose between two different types of actions. Element-based actions which are updating an element, rendering a list etc and event-based actions. Event-based actions are custom conditions which we can define, we can check for an attribute being present, we can check whether a request finished loading and we can also run some logic when the page starts or finishes loading. The benefit of these event-based actions is that all of our actions are within one place. We don't have some logic within a request, some logic in an auth panel, some logic here, some logic there. Everything is in one place and also we have some additional actions that we didn't have before that we're going to share with you in the next videos.