In the Embed 1.0, whenever you wanted to submit form data to a back-end, you had to select each and every input field, add a WSD attribute to it and replace the default submit button with a regular button. Right now, we simplified that drastically. You no longer have to select each and every input field, you can simply add a WSD attribute to the whole form. And by default, you will have access to all of the child properties. Let me show you how it works in UIST. So we have a request here, and here we have fields that we are sending to Xano. Well, let's have a look at the data field. We can see here we have F, which stands for form, and if we type in dot, we can see all of the forms that we have. Well, in our case, we want to access the form create Xano item form. So we're going to select that, and then if we use dot notation now, we can get access to all of the inputs that are within that form. So here, I'm going to choose nickname, here we have favorite color, and here we're sending some additional data. And if you're wondering how are we accessing these inputs, we are simply using the name field. You can see here, if I select any of these text fields over here, and I go down to the name field, you can see that I have these values. If we want to submit a whole form, we no longer have an on click action. Instead, we have a separate event for that, which is called submit. So when the form is submitted, we are preventing the default Webflow behavior, and we are performing this create Xano item request. And that's how we handle form submissions in the Embed 2.0. you