Hey, my name is Bailey, founder of Blackbeak, and today we're joined by some super awesome individuals. We got James, Jonas, and Craig, and we got a super cool video. Today we're diving deep into the most complex Wiz project that exists to this date of this recording. We dive really deep. We go into how we built it in Wiz, how we built it in XANA, how we conceptualized it. So grab a snack, stick around. It's going to be a good one. So let's start just introductions. I'll introduce myself and then pass it off to Jonas, and we'll go around the table. My name is Bailey, founder of Blackbeak, aspiring to be the number one Wiz Webflow agency. And yeah, excited to be here, excited to show you guys what we've built. It's really, really, really neat. Jonas, I'll pass it off to you. I'm Jonas, creator of Wiz. So I initially built the product, and now at FinSuite, I'm responsible basically for building all your wishes and making it really the best tool for you to build web applications with Webflow. So yeah, that's all you need to know about me and this call. Great. Maybe I will pass it on to Craig. Hi, guys. I'm Craig. I'm the head of product at August. We'll get a little bit more into what August does in a little bit, but ultimately, I've had the pleasure of working with these gentlemen for the last couple of months, building what turned out to be quite a complex, but yeah, super cool project. Well, finally, I'm James. I've been working as a developer for Blackbeak for almost over a year now. So I've been working with, well, Webflow, then Sano, well, and Wiz, obviously. Awesome. Good stuff. That's an understatement, James. You've been doing crazy stuff in Sano. It's, yeah, it's insane. Cool. So let's dive right in. Craig, what does August do? Just give us a quick overview. What does August do? Yeah, absolutely. So, I mean, in a nutshell, we're a holiday home co-ownership platform, but really we seek to solve kind of three of the main problems that you might see or think about when owning a holiday home in the traditional sort of sense. So that's just you owning a holiday home all by yourself. And really that's the fact that you don't actually use it all the time because by definition you just use it on holiday. You don't always want to go on holiday to the same place. So if you buy a home, you're kind of stuck in that one place. And then it can also be difficult to actually go through the whole purchasing process and maintain it when you're not there in person. And particularly for those sort of in Europe, if that's in a different country that may speak a different language. So really what we do is we have a very innovative model that solves all three of those. And we do that by rather than having one house for one family, we share five homes between 21 families. And so that means you get five homes in five different countries, some for summer, some for winter. You share them with 21 other families, which means everybody gets enough time in the year, but only as much as they would need to actually go on holiday so that the home is not sitting empty for the rest of the time. And then August really facilitates that entire journey. So we support with all the legal and due diligence side of things. And then we fully maintain that property so that all you guys have to do, all our customers have to do is turn up and enjoy their holiday. And it's really neat because at the end, the user is actually buying a portion of this collection of properties, right? They're buying a share into the company, which is distributed by 21 shares. And those 21 shares own 121st of each property, essentially. Yeah, exactly. I think timeshares were a big thing over here, particularly in the UK, got a very bad name because you don't actually own anything as such. So we've kind of flipped that on its head. All five properties go into a company, like you say, that company is owned not by us at all, but by the 21 families. And so what you had before, that's a good segue to the next section of what August was using before, was a tool to facilitate that booking process, because while you don't own the properties, you still have to manage and facilitate the process of people, individuals booking those properties. Yeah, exactly. So because there's 21 different families, we have a pretty innovative way in which we distribute sort of time to them. And so it's a points-based system, essentially. They get a certain number of points per year and they redeem them. A peak period is going to be more points than an off-peak period. But really, there's a whole bunch of rules and logic and conditionals around that that we have to account for. So whilst you are just booking a property, much like you would with Airbnb or any other site, Expedia, there's a whole lot more logic under the hood that we really needed to build in. And previously, we'd done this using sort of JavaScript and a very sort of custom bespoke development, working with an offshore developer. But ultimately, he was the only one that knew anything about that system. And so there was a big kind of key person risk there, where actually we had nobody in house with the technical capabilities to do anything with that system. And so we were very dependent on him. Yeah, which is why it led you to this no-code kind of route with Wiz and XANA. But I want to dive in a bit more about the tech stack you're using in the back end there. Can you explain a bit more about what was the base system built on? What was it like managing it? The previous system? Correct. Yeah. So, I mean, again, we didn't have a whole lot of visibility into it, which was part of the problem. So it was run off an on-prem server that he had himself. He was based in Romania, so we didn't have any access to that because it wasn't cloud based. Again, everything was written in various sort of JavaScript languages. So I couldn't go in and change even basic things. I didn't have access to the SQL database, which is what we ran everything off of as well. So really just not a lot of visibility into the system and therefore not much flexibility for us. So let's dive in a bit about what was built from a high level. So this whole project took us probably about, we first started talking, I guess, early August. I think it took us about a month, a month and a half to fully scope everything out and go around due diligence. There was a lot of calls. And this is one of the bigger things with enterprise projects and with scoping is super, super important. I guess it's important for smaller projects, but even more so for projects of this magnitude. There are definitely points that, like, I think we could have scoped even further now that looking back on it. But we used fake jam to scope everything out, going over different points in the user's journey of where they're starting from, from users just logging onto the platform and being onboarded to users booking properties. And then what happens after a user books a property? Once we have those different kind of tranches, then we go in and figure out what are some different functions in XANA that we would have to run to make those functions and make those to create those functions and enable them. From there, let's see here, referencing my notes from there, just going over to rough data structures, testing a lot in XANA and doing some initial testing. And after that, coming up with a Google spreadsheet, which I think probably had at least like 70, 60 line items, correct me if I'm wrong. And then once we looked at that, we just finagled that even more, updated that a bit, refined the scope and went from there straight into Figma design, then Webflow development, then Wiz development, then XANA development. So there is a lot to take in here. Well, I would say with this kind of project, enterprise project for Webflow development, it's not like a regular website. Definitely, you need to scope everything from creating, as you said, all the structure of the user flow that they are going to have in the platform and thinking how much time it's going to take you to create these functions in this platform XANA that we're using. So, yeah, there is a ton of stuff that needs to be scoped, you know. I can just underline what you just said, Bailey. I think scoping is very important for Wiz projects when you're dealing with client work in general. When you're on a personal project, it might not be so important to really map out everything from the beginning. But when you're on a client project, you will want to probably give an estimation of what it will cost in the beginning. And this estimation can be, yeah, it's just different to get to this estimation with web applications than with traditional websites, which probably maybe already have a mock-up and which you already maybe have built 20 of and know exactly how long it takes you to build each section. Yeah, and in web applications, it can be different, like in general, you can deal with more complex bugs or just technical issues you find along the way or difficulties. And it might sometimes, like every developer probably can tell you as long as possible about it. There are some questions which are actually super easy to solve, but will still take you hours. So, yeah, just calculate that in and don't under-calculate when you're building for clients is I think the biggest advice I can give out to new Wiz developers and in general, also even co-developers who are taking on client projects. Yeah, just to reiterate that contingency, I think all that, Jonas, what you said wraps into contingency, which is crucial for projects like this. There are multiple times where we're building out Xano functions and we didn't realize at the start how complex this function was actually going to be. And then James messaged me on Slack, he's like, this was a hundred step function. And we look at it and I'm like, oh my God, it was, it's crazy complex. So definitely do your due diligence at the beginning and plan for a lot of contingency and plan if you think it's going to be a month, double it, right? Set your expectations far and wide and yeah, don't over-promise, that's for sure. So what we built in Wiz was the whole booking tool. Users can sign up, but only if they have an account, they can't actually, my apologies, they can't sign up, but users can log in from an account created by them. By all I guess, they can see their progress along the way of their collection and their properties. So if they joined a new collection and that property is still getting renovated, they'll see the status of that. There's form functionality where users can talk to different individuals and share their experiences at these properties. Say one of them found a really cool restaurant down there from a property. They can share that in the form and share images there. There's liking functionality, comment functionality, full-fledged form with filtering. There is the booking tool, obviously, but it's not just a booking tool. It's not just, you know, you book a property and that's it. You select, there's actually two ways to do it. We did a quick booking method and a slow booking method per se. And there's different ways. So say you have more flexibility, you notice if you go to airline websites, you can kind of, there's a, there might be a toggle that says I'm flexible and you can, you know, you can be flexible with your dates there. So we have that sort of method where a user enters in their month and their year, and it shows them all dates available for all properties in their collection, but it's not just, you know, you book a property and that's it. It shows them all properties in their collection, or there's another method, the slow method, where they can go into a specific property and then view dates available to that specific, or sorry, go into a specific collection, view properties available for that specific collection on a month and year basis. So it's a more refined way of viewing available properties, rather than the quick booking method where it shows you all collections and all properties. With that being said, you can book a property. One thing you can do on this booking page is you can see if a property is already booked. And if it is already booked, you can join the wait list. This was a really interesting function to build out. It was a lot more difficult than we thought it was at first, but essentially there's a little symbol and we'll share screen and we'll show everything. There's a little symbol that shows how many users are on the wait list. And if you would join the wait list, you can do that. That's fine. But it doesn't remove any of your tokens. And this is a good segue into the tokenization of this whole platform is because even though a user has purchased a share into this collection, they can't just book the properties for free. There has to be a way to regulate the amount of times a user can stay at these properties to make sure all users get a fair share at these properties. And so August has a token system and they distribute tokens on a quarterly basis. Is that correct, August or Craig? Yeah, roughly. Okay. And so they distribute tokens on a frequent cadence, I'll say. And those tokens, we saw the site, it's kind of like Boxing Day, almost people scrambling to get to the site, booking as fast as they can. I think we had almost 30,000 API calls or 20,000 API calls in that one day or the span of two days or so. It's a bit like Black Friday rolled in with a sort of concert ticket launch or something like that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So that was fun, but Xano handled it fine. You know, Wiz handled it fine. In terms of performance and like server load issues, there were none with that. It was completely good, which was very exciting to see. Xano can handle quite a lot of load. That rolling on the smaller launch plan here. And so Xano has multiple plans above that, which can even handle that. We did build an integration as well, right? With Xero. So I guess it shows that, you know, integrations are very possible. And essentially that allows us to, once somebody's finished their stay, we bill them for the cleaning of the property. And so that allows invoices to flow into the platform automatically from Xero, and then they can open the invoice and pay it within the platform as well. So it's sort of a third party integration there as well. Yeah, exactly. And then some other integrations as well. We had a situation where we needed to filter CMS items from Webflow based off of what user was logged in, what collection they had access to. And so for this, we built an external API call to Webflow, got all the posts with a specific ID, made sure they matched the user's ID and displayed that on Wiz. That was a lot more complex than I thought it was going to be as well. So, yeah. And then lastly, versioning patrol in Xano. This was a really, really useful one for us because of the size of the project and because of the amount of frequent updates we were making. We utilized versioning control in Xano, which allows us to have a production database as well as this test database and API branching. And so if me and James are working on new functions, they are not public yet. We can build them on V12 and have V11 be public and then push everything to V12 once we're ready to go there. It's pretty important for a project of this magnitude to have, you know, these kind of branches for the API calls because you cannot break down like a live site, so you need to be really careful with that because, you know, you have users logging in, trying to boot properly, so you cannot mess that up. All right. So when you join the dashboard here, this is what you're looking at. We have a Xano call that is, let me open up this chat as well. Sorry. One second. There we go. So when you join the website, this is your dashboard that you see. This image here gets a random image from any property in a collection that you own. We can see points that we have here. And this is quite a complex situation, the points, because the points have validity terms as well. They're not just willy nilly, a hundred points here and there. It's, you know, you have deadlines of when you can spend these points as well as date ranges of when these points are valid from. Scrolling down, you can see, you know, good morning, Bailey. I have the quick booking method here where I can select a month, select a year, and then search properties available to me within collections that I own. And then I can see my upcoming stays. You can see, you know, I got a state coming up January 28th. I wish I was going to Mallorca, but you know, this is a test site. So we're not, we can see any sort of details. I can view or edit this booking. We've implemented supply.js here. So we can see, you know, I can go back and forth on the slider and then down here, we can see the collections I have access to. Got some really gorgeous properties. This imagery is fantastic. I love it. We can scroll up and say, I want to view city collection 01. We can load that. And there it is, city collection 01. Take it to the collection 02. I could do that. And there we go. So we can see all the different collections I have access to. And then down here is the Webflow CMS filtering by specific collection ID. And this is a really fun one. That's the one I think people will really, really want to hear about. Reminders, now that we're looking at the dashboard, if you have any questions about this project, specifically, I'd love to see them in the questions and answers here. I have a lot of questions, actually. Yes, yes. Are those, like, all those upcoming states, for example, that you see and all the properties in the collection, are they all loaded by UIST or is it the static? All loaded by UIST or is it the static side? These are all dynamic. Everything here is dynamic. So you basically were able to build this functionality and the slider and load the data for the for the load the correct data for the user in basically. Yeah, exactly. So this is all coming through the authentication call. And what happens here is this just one static item in Webflow. And then you have your basic Splat JS integration. And then we duplicate that item for the amount of items there are. And then we have a Boolean. So we use an add-on in Xano. And we have a Boolean that says, is this state waitlisted? And if it is, then in Wiz, we set custom CSS classes to show the waitlisted state that you can see here. So that's kind of how we had differentiating items inside of one array, which was really an interesting. Yeah, it's quite useful, actually, when you get to utilize it. We're using, well, the Wiz API call to just wait, you know, for Wiz to load the elements and then load the library, the Splat JS library. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Using Wiz JavaScript to wait for Wiz to load. Correct. Yes. Well, let's dive in. So let's say I want to book for February 2023. I'll click search. It's gonna load everything. And we do have some caching going on here. But it takes about three or four seconds just because I myself have four collections. 99% of users have about one collection. I'd say maybe 90% of users have one collection. Craig's nodding to that. And so we can go down here and we can see there's a bit of a legend here. You can see waitlist is this green circle. Selected is this orange. So if I select one, it's gonna go orange. Green is my current booking. And then this gray is booked. And so we can see these are all booked already, but they don't have a waitlist. So meaning there's only one person that's booked them. So I can go down to Tuscany, February 4th to 11th, select that. And then I can book that. And then notice there's zero points. So the reason these are all zero points is because