Hey guys, my name is Bailey CEO and founder of Black Peak and today we're diving into a really special whizzed project This quiz project uses Zeno Stripe elements compared to stripe checkout send grid and a bunch of new custom Features and actually a little bit of code to really extend the functionality. So stay tuned. It's gonna be a really good one On the call today we got James Josh and drew and And Yeah, we got a good group people. We're gonna be diving into our project world-class it is a property booking application for long for medium to long-term rentals and It's got some really advanced functionality something that you I can guarantee you you've never seen this before on another whizzed related web applications So lots to learn lots to get inspired about It's gonna be a good one, I'll hand it off to James and he can intro himself Hello everyone. So my name is James Ava. I'm the workflow we sign on expert I've been working with Bailey for over a year and a half almost and yeah We have been launching a pretty good project with wheeze sign on workflow. Hey guys, my name is Josh I'm the newly established head of agency at Black Peak and I'm super pumped to share this project because This is one of the first projects that Bailey showed me when I came on board and I was blown away and just so excited Because it's it shows what's possible and what we can do with within this world of low-code development. Hey guys Drew founder and CEO of world-class. I started working Bailey and Black Peak about six months ago And before I even reached out to them I had tried to you know, get the site developed and I'd reached out to quite a Different amount of like developers and designers and they all told me that it was impossible. It was way too complex But of course, you know working with Bailey, they're like, you know, we'll try to make it work At the time. I wasn't sure if they were like actually serious, but six months later We can see that they were very serious. Not only that they just above and beyond and I'm really excited to showcase this So drew tell us like what is stay world-class? Yeah, so my company essentially what it is is it's a corporate housing company So we buy we buy and we at least my communities all of it eventually and we event them out for 30 days minimum and most of our clientele like You're for work or their travel nurses But we get a lot of people who are just in between a job or in between a move that you know They just like the flexibility you you're using Airbnb. You're still using Airbnb for part of the booking as well Yes. Yeah, so we are listed on Airbnb. We did have another site That was kind of just like a placeholder before, you know, we had this I'm a good amount of our leads You know, they'll find us on Airbnb, but you know, they'll they want to book with us directly They'd rather you know, avoid the Airbnb fees The cleaning fees, you know all those extra fees that you know, Airbnb is now associated with And you know for the most part even up to now we're still you know sending out like Stripe links or you know manually doing like the receipts and the calculations and all that But of course with a new website everything is going to be all in the back end One simple process being able to pay on the site. It truly is Revolutionary and even just like a couple days ago when the site was live, but technically not live We've closed quite a few amount of bookings in advance Just showing them the new site for the customers to go through looking at the virtual tours looking at the new photos So I can already say it's already been a success Amazing. Well, I would love to dive in here. So I'm gonna share my screen and Let's take a peek at the site So here we are is stay world-class built on Webflow with whizzed Xano send grid and stripe elements That's a big keyword not straight checkout stripe elements So if I scroll down here, we can see some of the property options We're actually rendering this data here with Xano not Webflow CMS And there's a couple reasons for that because you can see if I refresh this page here It's gonna show another random list of properties here Just like that With the reviews some amenities you can see all the cities that they're in the photography is amazing. It's just stunning photography. I love it A little bit of the rest of the site here, but let me show you the the juicy stuff here we can see even more some of the cities that they Operate in and you I don't know how you got that fighter jet the photo, but I mean that's that's pretty slick Yeah, so all the time furniture Photography video everything is in-house And we want to keep it that way. I think it also allows us to really separate ourselves from from our competitors Amazing. So here we have the actual property page so if you saw that we got a bit of a preloader that happens when you first load the page and Once it finishes loading you can see the monthly price you can see the date it starts to be available from Any monthly costs, etc We can see images virtual tour Everything you'd want to know about this property before you go ahead and book it is here any reviews FAQ everything is there that you'd want. I could scroll back up to the top and What we're noticing is available from May 25th So this availability doesn't just get the available dates from a Xano database It also has a two-way live sync that is up to date every five minutes with Airbnb So if someone goes and books on Airbnb that will sync over in the next five minutes to this website and will show an unavailable slot as it's booked on Airbnb and Vice-versa, which is revolutionary. I mean, this is incredible being able to have a two-way live sync with Xano and I'll have James showcase a bit of that function and how it works because it was extremely complex and Very very cool to see I can go and select my dates here We have a custom JavaScript calendar that we built out So we used ease pic.js as the default The base JavaScript library and then we built on top of that and it was no easy feat building this because as you can see When I select a day here It starts with a 30 day minimum stay and I'll just zoom in a bit here so you can all see this You can see it says 30 day minimum stay and the days that are available start as white So say I want to go to May 25th to the 29th I can book that and it's gonna go and load all the data the monthly cost any taxes associated any add-ons and I can also see That I have the paid full amount say I want to have a pet. That's a one-time payment of $500 I can click that it does all the math and live on the site without reaching back to Xano and I could see the amount do now if I want to do parking that's $300 a month. We could see that it's gonna be $6,200 and then the next payment is going to be in June 25th 2023 so not only are we calculating the payments live on the website? With a custom JavaScript calendar and specific add-ons, but we're also calculating When the next payment is going to be and what that payment schedule is going to look like Alternatively say I want to save some money and I want to book this all right now I just want to pay this full amount now So one thing to consider is even though I'm only booking for about what 26 What 24 days or so? I can pay that monthly, but let's do a longer duration Let's go for like four months Okay, so if you can see it's gonna be five thousand ten dollars a month Or I can pay in full at twenty thousand forty or four hundred dollars and that allows me to save around sixteen hundred bucks so I can click the pay in full here and It's gonna say okay amount do twenty thousand four hundred I can go ahead and pay that So let's go back to a monthly for now, and I'm gonna proceed to check out So what we just saw there was I wasn't authenticated and we only allow people that are authenticated to be able to check out So I'm gonna go and log in quickly here And Now it's gonna redirect me back to the same page I was on I can select a start date an end date Proceed to checkout and This is where the magic happens here. We can see this isn't no stripe check out. I'm not getting redirected We're hosting all payments on platform without Redirecting people outside of the website. This is massive Massive for no code and low code applications using Xano and whiz There is not a single other site as of the date of this recording that exists that has the same functionality We can see I have my check-in date I have my checkout date my amount do now and I don't have any additional costs because I didn't select any If I go back and say I actually want parking for 300 month and I want a pet Let's go back to proceed to checkout. It's gonna rerun the math there I'm because the okay additional cost is total $800 The pets 500 and the parking is 300 and I'm not paying any taxes Because it is over a specific duration where I don't have to pay taxes and taxes here are they're not exactly Drew you can we can't make it skip over that. They're not it's it's it's intricate but we can skip over that for now Hey the leaves it's very Yeah So, yeah from here the beauty of stripe elements is James as he's based in Peru, he will see different payment methods default from where I am in Vancouver, Canada And vice versa, so I can't exactly remember what the default payment was for James But it's a different provider that rather than Google pay. Yeah. No, I don't have I don't have Google pay I don't even though we can use it, but I don't well not nothing. No, not yet. We cannot use yet here. But uh, yeah Yeah, so it's it's crazy complex. So we have stripe elements. This is fully custom-designed here. I can enter a card number I'm gonna enter in some test data here Okay, so what we have now is I filled out my credit card information I'm using stripe test data right here. And when I click confirm booking, it's gonna make sure my credit card is correct It's gonna charge me for the month so you can see this is this is amazing. I love this I've booked world-class Miami. My check-in date is May 25th checkouts September 22nd today I'm getting charged $5,900 June 25th 54 July 25th 53 and so on so I can see what I'm getting charged today and the schedule of payments associated with it, which is incredible and now if I go I'm gonna open up this up in another window really quickly if I go to the stripe back end of the developer portal Because we're using stripe elements the payment has gone directly through stripe and We can explain a little bit. I'll have me and James explain a little bit more on how stripe elements works as a payment Platform for the site. So what we're looking at here is all test data from stripe We can see that I have a payment right now at 921 a.m. For my time and that was for 5,977 and we could see on the site 5,977 the payment came through so the way stripe elements works differently to the stripe checkout is with stripe checkout You have to use a product and stripe checkout uses a product to bill again So you could do subscriptions with the product that's recurring or you could do a one-time product the way stripe elements works and this is why this is so immensely complex and and It's just such a great way The way stripe elements works is all you do is you send how much you want to bill and the email of the count you Want to bill it to and so I can go into payments here and I can see okay that Bailey at Black Peak made a payment for 5,977 and that's it, right? That's all the data we get We do get some metadata down below Which will show me The property that I booked it for Where is it Right There you use ice booking confirmation you can there it is a month there So we get the metadata of the booking confirmation and then that we can relay in Xano But all we do is we send the payment amount to stripe and then if there's a schedule of payments in this situation You could see we have set up future usage for off session. Meaning what we're doing there is when June 5th June 25th comes around We are going to run a Xano background task that it's gonna check for any payments that need to be made on that day and Automatically bill the user's credit card on that day and for future days where they need to get billed So it's a very very complex dashboard. There's a lot of math that happens there And this was definitely not a no-code solution. There's a lot of code There's a couple thousand lines of code. I would say in this project. So very low code Solution but still an incredible an incredible site here James I'd like to pass off to you to talk a bit more about stripe elements what it took to build that and Just what it what it looks like on the back end Oh, I just want to say like this is not like we are not like full-stack JavaScript developers I just want to say we're like Two people that learn well flow we got it a little bit into JavaScript. We just read the documentation coming from a stripe and The logic is it's a little complex, but it's not that really it's not that complex we just first of all, the first function that we did here to build this is the first thing is obviously people need to get that available dates where they where they can book right and we can get into that as well because that's like that I think that the most complex part of the project to To show which available dates or in which states can people book? But yeah, if we're talking about the connection with stripe is first of all We we send an API call to get to create like that The user ID right like the stripe sends you like an ID for this a specific person once we got that we can Yeah, we can set up like I would love to show the function bail if you can share your screen and we can you know Show a little bit of that function inside sign or that be great So we can you know, and I saw a little bit of how we build it So one of the things we're looking at here on Xano is this is all we have for stripes So what we're doing is we have the payment intent API call and we are sending data over here We're just getting the user. It's an authenticated call. We're getting the user and then from there We go in and actually just create a payment intent from stripe Once we've returned that payment intent client secret we put that in the URL and then we have some JavaScript on the page that then loads that and Initializes the payment the stripe elements payment on the website, which is pretty incredible there So it's a pretty complex API call. I mean, there's a lot of API endpoints here And it's it's quite quite complex. One of the things I want to show James was the background task So I'm just gonna dive into this here So what you're seeing here is Our background task for charging subscriptions So as you can see we're querying all records here and then we're looping through each record We're getting the user data making a stripe payment intent running some lambda functions here adding the record and the payments getting a record from bookings and then deleting the record from the schedule payment therefore turning a Scheduled payment into an actual payment this task runs daily and our database I'm not gonna show our database, but the database looks like essentially a list of Scheduled payments with their date and all the customer information and we just run through that and if today equals today Then we schedule that payment and we run through it. So it's pretty it's pretty complex there. And yeah, it's pretty nifty Anything you want to add on that James? Yeah, we can as well show how we sync Airbnb with China That's a that's not as complex as we we thought it would have been The way that Sano or Airbnb works it's With an ICS file. It's like an ICA. This is like the global way that condors communicate with each other I will say yeah, if you export the condor from Google condor, it will give you an ICS file or mostly is It's well known to be called ICA, but it's the name of the file is IC ICS so it's it's just like a function where we are just splitting this string and we're just getting the start and the end days are coming from Airbnb and We are just doing as well the same way around like the way that we're sending that data to to Airbnb is we're creating an ICS file with the data that we have in our database from the bookings that have happened in our side and We're sending back if bail if you can go I think I can probably shift or if you can share your screen So this is this is the data from Sano going to Airbnb So we do you just need to set up an API call for every single property in order to get only the books and for this Specific property. That's why we have so many API calls here so The the biggest part here is just a lambda function It's the ICS string where we're converting all the data into an ICS file and as well We're just setting the header because normally as you as you know, whenever you send an API call to another application Sano's always sent us as a JSON. So we need to change the header instead of sending the content type as a JSON we need the text calendar and Yeah, that's pretty much it Yeah, and it's amazing. It's amazing like how good it works the only thing is we can like we can send instant books to Airbnb, but Airbnb sent us their bookings all the bookings that you know that happens there every five minutes because That's how Airbnb works. So That's the only thing that I asked. This is quite a process while we're building this. I remember drew you and I had a couple calls Discussing what this would look like whether we were gonna do stripe checkout We first thought we're gonna do stripe checkout and then we realized what we wanted to stripe elements Drew can you talk about a bit about that that customer experience? Difference from stripe elements compared to stripe checkout and why stripe elements was so important for state world class. Yeah So when we originally had even talked about, you know building the site I'd always you know mentioned to you that you know I wanted to make sure that the customer experience from finding the property to check out was as seamless as possible I take a lot of our inspiration with from Brian Chesky that the the founder of Airbnb and how they Create their own checkout processes and his main theory behind, you know I believe it was four clicks or three clicks to a sale or I think even you mentioned this to me where you know You want the user just have we don't want them to you know Going through like a labyrinth or a maze to try to get to the checkout where it's just very seamless It's simple click three buttons and boom pay to pay whatever it needs to be paid and the transaction is done So when we were talking about, you know, creating the checkout process, you know, we wanted to make sure that we're able to Make sure that the user remains in access, you know, regardless of the business or the territory Whether it's an perde River Mine owner, you know, so it's important that they stayed in use If they go to the site have you know, they get to know the website people Italia You know people come, you know