Hello and welcome to another UIST clonable walkthrough. In this video, we're going to talk about the Amigo referral app. This is an app that contains server-side validation, client-side validation, and we have referral app functionality. This is a very simple project, but it's incredibly powerful. So, let me show you the concepts that you can learn from this app. First of all, let's have a look at client-side validation. If we type in an email address that's not valid, we're going to get this message that the email address is not valid. Also, if the email address is empty, we're going to see another message. Same thing with the password field. If we type in a password that's too short, the user is going to get warned immediately. In addition to client-side validation, we also have server-side form validation. So, if a user types in a valid email address, but this address doesn't exist in the database, we're going to receive a message like this. All right, now let's log in, and let's have a look at the referral app functionality. Once we log in, we are immediately redirected to this dashboard. Here, each user receives a unique referral link, which they can share and use to invite friends. Once a friend joins, the stats are updated across the dashboard. Here, we have a progress bar, we can see how many friends joined, and this message is changing depending on how many users joined. All right, now that we talked about what's included in this clonable, let's learn how to clone it. This project consists of three parts. First, we have the Webflow website, then we have the UIST configuration, and the Xano backend. And in order to clone all of this together, you need to clone each one of these instances. First, you need to clone the Webflow website, so let's do that quickly. All right, done. The next step is to clone the UIST instance. So we're going to click on this link, and now we have to select the workspace to which we want to add this project. In this case, I'm going to add this to my personal workspace. I'm going to hit clone, and here we have the project. The next step is to complete this configuration. Here, I have to add the staging domain of the Webflow website, which I just cloned. So I'm going to publish the project, copy the URL, and paste it in here. The last thing I have to do is simply copy this embed code and paste it into my project settings. I'll go back to Webflow, click on project settings, and here I'm going to replace the existing UIST script with the script that I just copied. Perfect, I'm going to save the changes, publish the project, and here I'm going to click on continue. This will redirect me to the UIST dashboard. And here we can see we have all of the functionality in place and we have all the requests in place. Now the only thing that's left is this Xano URL here. We have to clone the Xano instance and we have to replace this URL with our own Xano instance. So here I'm going to click on clone the Xano backend, and I'm going to add the clonable backend to my Xano account. I'm going to click add to instance, and now I'm going to log into my Xano account, click on marketplace, purchased, and here I can see the snippet. Next I'm going to install this clonable snippet, and once that's ready, we can see that in the database we have this user base and we have all the API endpoints in place. Now all I have to do is copy this API group base URL here, and I'll paste it here into UIST. Oh, and before I forget, you will also have to go to actions, find the set input link action, and here you're going to have to replace this URL with your own URL. In this case, I want to direct the users to the signup page, so I'm going to copy the URL and paste it in here before the question mark. And that's basically it. You can see here if we go to the signup page and we create a new user, that the whole app is working as expected. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye. ♪♪♪