Hello and welcome to another Wizz clonable walkthrough. In this video we're gonna learn how to clone this weather widget over here. In order to clone this project you're gonna need to do the following steps. You're gonna need to create a free account on openweathermap.org. Next, you're gonna have to clone the Webflow project. Once you cloned your Webflow project it's time to clone the Airtable base. Now, we're gonna clone the Wizz instance. To do that, all you have to do is select a workspace to which you want to add the project. As soon as you click continue you'll be able to find your project inside the workspace. And now we have to complete the project setups. I'm gonna publish the Webflow project, copy the staging domain and paste it in here. Finally, I'm gonna copy this embed code from Wizz, move back to Webflow, go to project settings, and paste it in here. And publish the project. Once that's done I'm gonna hit continue to open the configurator. We can see here that our project has been successfully cloned, however, we have to change a few things. We have to make the information a little bit different. So, if you go to Basically 2 we will open our setup files shooting environment. We can see here that our project has been successfully cloned, however, we have to change a few things. First, we have to replace the Airtable API key, and then we have to replace the OpenWeatherMap.org API key. To get an API key from Airtable all you have to do is go to your Airtable base, click here on your profile icon, and click on account. Here you can scroll down and simply copy your API key from this section. And paste it in here. You'll notice that the OpenWeather API key is not in my apps, but instead it's inside of the request. Now that we know where it is, let's replace it. In order to get an API key all you have to do is go to your profile, click on my API keys, and here you can generate a new API key. Once you generated an API key, you can simply copy it and paste it into your WizDApp. Note that it might take a couple of hours for your API key to start working, so if you try to test the app right away it will probably not work, but after an hour or two you can test your app and it's going to be working. Here you can see that I get an error code with the newly generated API key, but if I try to run the request with an API key that I created a few days earlier, you can see that the request is being executed just as it should. And that's basically it. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Cheers!