Hello and welcome to another clonable walkthrough. In this video we're gonna learn how to clone this classified ads web app over here. And let's have a look first at it. It's a very simple project. We basically have ads that are being pulled from Xano. Then users can also create new ads by going to the post tab. Here they can add the title, city, neighborhood, all these details. We even have a file upload so users can also upload images that are going to be stored in Xano and then these appear in the ads. And finally we have the ads page. If we click on any of these ads you can see that the data is being populated as well from the query parameters. And last but not least we also have filtering powered by Thinsuite attributes. Alright, now that you know what's in the project let's learn how to clone it. To clone the project the first thing you need to do is clone the Webflow website. Once you clone the Webflow project it's time to move on and clone the UIST configuration. Here you have to specify the workspace to which you want to add the project. In this case I'm gonna add it to my personal workspace. I'm gonna hit clone and like magic the project appeared in my personal workspace. And now I simply have to complete the configuration. Here we have to follow the same steps as when we are setting up a new project. So here I'm gonna add the staging domain from the Webflow project that I just cloned. I'll paste it in here. Then I'll copy this embed code and I'll paste it into project settings, custom code. Here we already have a script so we're gonna delete that and paste in our script that we just copied. I'm gonna publish the project and I'm gonna head back to UIST. Once I click continue I arrive to the configurator and as you can see we have here all of the requests set in place and all of the actions as well. Now the only thing we need to replace is this Xano group base URL. So to do that we have to go back to our clonable page and we have to clone our Xano backend. Clicking on this link will bring us to the classified ads clonable snippet and all we have to do is add it to our Xano account. Here I'm going to log in, I'm going to choose the workspace and I'm going to add the instance. Now I can go to the instance and I'm going to create a new workspace. I'm going to assign a name to the workspace, in this case classified ads. I'm going to select Webflow here and here I'm going to select no I'm starting fresh with Xano. Now that my workspace has been created I'm going to go to marketplace, purchased and here I'm simply going to select the classified ads clonable snippet. I'm going to install it and this will clone the whole backend. And there we have it. Now that this is successfully installed I can see here that I have the ads database and the user base as well. And if I go to API we can see that all of the API endpoints have been cloned. Now the only thing I need to do is copy this group base URL here and paste it in my Wiz project. Once it's done we are having a blank project but you can start adding projects to a Xano database and they're going to appear here. So let me show you that quickly. If I go to database, I go to ads and I create a new ad here. I'll just add an image so you can see it. And if I refresh the page here inside of Wiz we can see that the ad appears. Same thing if I go back to the post page. If I create an item here we can see that all of the requests are working basically. If we go back to the home page now and we refresh the page we can see here that another item has been added. And that's basically it. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you in the next video. Bye.