Today you're going to learn what web apps are and how you can build them without code. So what is a web app or a web application? A web app is an application program that's stored on a server that gets delivered to your browser. Unlike a mobile app you need to have an active internet connection to use a web app. You might not be aware of it but you're using web apps all the time. Here are just a few examples of web apps. That multi-step form you filled out while subscribing to a service is a web app. Your favorite to-do list is a web app. That job board you looked at last night is also a web app. In simple terms a web app is a type of software that allows you to perform a specific task. An app usually gets a user's input and it displays an output. Some apps are trivial others are complex but they all have something in common. All web apps perform at least some of these four functions. They create, read, update and delete data. We call these functions CRUD operations. With Wysd you can perform all of these functions without knowing how to code. Wysd in other words allows you to rapidly build web apps on top of Webflow websites without any effing code. Think of Wysd as a Webflow framework similar to Vue, React or Svelte. You can use Wysd to build user authentication like logins, managing permissions and so on. You can connect to external APIs, to other applications, you can show external data from any source on your website and you can send user data to other apps. Also you can listen to user inputs and perform different actions based on those inputs. If you want to bring your visual development career to the next level you can start learning Wysd today. The best place to start learning Wysd is by visiting our Intelligence Center. There you can find learning paths with tutorials or if you prefer you can find clonables on our website and inspect the projects. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.