Hey, my name is Jonas. I'm the creator of Wiz and today I'm giving you a quick introduction to the Wizard Configurator. To start, let's talk about web applications in general. What does a website need to be called a web application? From my experience, it can be broken down into three parts. First and foremost, of course, you need UI elements that are displayed to a user who is loading the page. Secondly, web applications have the possibility to make network requests. Web applications often use this capability to authenticate users or to load user-specific data and content. And the third part of web applications is a sort of internal data store that keeps track of the loaded data and all other available data sources and makes it accessible to the UI elements. Source data stores are also called state management. Okay, that was enough theory. Let's look at how the Wizard Configurator makes use of those fundamental concepts to provide you with a powerful yet easy way to build web applications. Remember the first part of every web application, the UI elements? Well, that's the part you most likely already know pretty well. It's basically just HTML and CSS. So it's exactly what you've already been building with Webflow all the time. And because Webflow is doing the job of providing a way to build UI elements so exceptionally well, we did not take on the task to build such a UI element builder ourselves. Instead, you can simply integrate Wizd to your Webflow site with a short script and the UI elements, aka all the HTML and CSS, will automatically show in your Wizard Configurator whenever you publish a Webflow site. In Wizd, you can then navigate your Webflow pages and simply select UI elements with a simple click, exactly as you would in Webflow. As we click on an element, you can see settings appearing inside the tab on the right. In short, the settings in the element tab let you connect data to the currently selected element. But let's skip this for now and first take a look at the network request part of Wizd. Remember network requests? That was part two, which every web application has. In the Wizard Configurator, we configure network requests in the request tab on the top left. To add a new request, we must first add a resource. For Airtable and Stripe requests, specifying a resource is just a way to reusably manage their API credentials throughout your Wizard project. For REST requests, it's a way to specify the URL of an endpoint, which you then can also reuse on every page of your project. In contrast to resources, requests are always only available on the page where they have been created. We have detailed videos for each request type later in this course, so I won't talk too much about them now. But for the moment, it's enough to know that with requests, you can make network requests to your resources and then can either load or modify data. Every performed request gets logged in the request history. Okay, as we now have discussed requests, let's talk about the third part of any web application. Yes, you're right, data stores. In Wizd, you find the data store of your page in the data tab, just below the request tab. As you can see, here is where we find all the data that we loaded in our requests. Also, we can simply rerun any request by clicking on the run button, and the loaded data will get refreshed. But we not only find request data in our data store, we find all the data available to this page. For example, we can also see the data passed as URL parameters. We can see the value of all input elements in our page. And we can create custom variables and get the value too. Finally, we can also create cookies, which simply are persistent custom variables. And we can see if they are set and get the value too. Wow, that's a lot of data. What can we do with it? The main purpose of data in our data store is to modify the elements on our page with it, or to see or to use it in requests. Okay, so let's modify some UI elements with our data to get an impression of what it's like. Let's build this task page, where we have our task categories on the left, and the current category heading, plus our list of tasks in the center. Let's start with rendering our list of tasks. For this, we select the one task we created in the workflow designer, and apply the array element of our loaded tasks into its render list setting. For now, don't worry too much about how the element settings work. There's a detailed lesson for this later in this course. Then we set the element of our task, and we set the task done indicators. Now let's set the name of our current task category. And we now render our list of all categories. We set the name, set the color, and add the category ID as parameter to its link. Lastly, let's also add the color of the current category to our task indicators. And let's preview. Perfect. I guess we're done. Let's publish our configuration. Easy. It's live now. That should have given you a good first impression on how the configurator is structured and how it works. Let's go more in depth with the following lessons. See you there!