In today's video, we're going to talk about filtering data in UIST. When it comes to filtering data in UIST, you have two different options. You can either use a built-in filter in a request, meaning the data that you're going to get in the response will already be filtered, or you can get all of the data in a request and then apply a filter afterwards. Now, let's look at both of these options and let's discuss when to use each. First, let's have a look at built-in filters. Built-in filters are available only if you're using SuperBase, Firebase, or Airtable. If you're using Xano or a custom REST API, you will not have these fields there. You will need to apply a filter after you got the data. Now, let's look at how to use these filters. Well, it's pretty similar to Webflow's filters. Basically, here we have to select the table column, which we're going to filter the items on. In this case, let's say we wanted to check whether this actively recruiting field is set to true. So we can just copy this value over here, paste it in here, and here we're going to choose the filter condition. And here you have several options. Equals, doesn't equal, less than, greater than, if you're dealing with numbers, then we have less than or equal to, greater than or equal to, and text search and so on. In this case, let's say we wanted to just write equals to true. And now you can see that if we run this request again, our data will be filtered. We'll get only two items. And this actively recruiting field is set to true on both of these items. Now that we covered built-in filters, let's have a look at filtering data after we got a request response. If your backend is powered by Xano or a custom REST API, then you will not have these built-in filtering methods inside of your request. So if we look here at our load product request, we can see that we don't have any filtering options here. So you can either filter the data on the backend by setting up some backend logic and accepting inputs, or you can create some filtering logic after you got this request response. So here we have a response that has four products. And this request here is rendering these products. Now, if we wanted to display, for example, just the laptops, we would have to store this response in a variable and then render the list from that filtered variable. And the way to do it is by doing the following. First, we have to create an empty variable. So we're gonna call it filtered products. And we're gonna set the initial value to an empty array because we are rendering the list from an array. Perfect. Now we're gonna go to our data in request here under load products, and we're gonna set up an after request action. The action is going to be setting a variable. And here we're gonna select our variable which we just created. Now, we only wanna set this variable if the request was successful. So here under condition, we're gonna add the following. We're gonna expand our load products request. And here we're gonna check if the status code is 200. Perfect. This means that if our request is successful, we're gonna set the value of the filtered products variable. And as the value for now, we're gonna just set to this response here. And now it's time to apply a filter. And if you're familiar with JavaScript, you can simply use JavaScript array filtering methods here. And this is how you would do it. If you're not a developer, I'm gonna explain everything step-by-step. So we're gonna write here .filter and add these brackets over here. And here we have to add a condition. So for each product or item, whatever we write here, it's the same thing. Forward arrow. And here we're gonna check what should the item contain. And let's say we just wanted to display laptops. So we're gonna write item.category equals laptops. There we go. And now we can see that we got two items over here. So we are filtering based on this category field. So this item is just an abstraction for each item in this array. So if you just write I here and here, it's gonna be the same. So this word is just for you. All right. And now, since we already got this filtered request in our variable, we just have to render this list based on that variable. So we're gonna go to our actions and here we already added a render products action. And we're gonna change the configuration here. So instead of rendering the list from this array over here, we are going to render our list from our variable, which contains the filtered products. And there are a few things we have to change here as well. So all of the fields that are relying on this array that's rendering these items is currently using this response. And we have to change this to our variable. So everywhere where we have this request number here, we're gonna replace this with our variable. I can just copy this. And we're setting the image as well. So here I'm gonna delete this R.4.d, paste this in here. Same thing here. Okay. And we have set price as well. And we're gonna paste this in here. And now if we refresh the canvas, we can see that we are only having laptops. But what if we wanted to build dynamic filters so that the user can click on different categories and we are filtering these items based on the user's preferences? Well, this is how we can do it. So we can go to our actions and we can go to our filters. Well, this is how we would do it. First, we have to set up these filters in Webflow. And as you can see here, these are just radio buttons. So we have a radio button input here. And on the input, we are adding this whizzed filter attribute and you can see that each of these filters is having the same attribute whizzed filter and also the same group. The only difference between these buttons is the choice value. So here we're having headphones, here we're having tablets, and here we're having laptops. And on the reset filter, we are having just an empty value. Now these filter values are matching exactly what we're having on our backend. So if we look at this category field, we can see that the spelling is exactly the same and we are also using lowercase here. Perfect. Now in whizzed, depending on which item is selected here, we can see that this filter value here is changing. So we have headphones, tablets, laptops, and reset filter. So let's build our filtering logic. We're gonna go to actions and here we're gonna create a new action and we're gonna call it filter products. And here we're gonna apply this to our filter input here. Under configuration, we're gonna do the following. We're gonna listen to a change of value because this filter has the same attribute, but the value is changing depending on which item the user clicks. So we're gonna choose here set variable. We're gonna select our filter product We're gonna select our filtered products variable. And as the value, we're going to set the following. So we're gonna look for our input here and we're gonna check whether this filter was set or not. If this value is truthy, if it's set to either tablet, laptop, or headphones, then we're going to do the following. We are going to filter our request just like we did before. And here we're gonna write item where item.category equals the value of the filter because it's matching whatever we're having in our table. Okay, and otherwise, if an empty value is set, meaning if the user clicked on reset filter, we're going to do the following. We're just gonna display the whole array. So we're gonna select this like so, perfect. And now we have one more thing left. Remember earlier we were setting the filter already in the request, meaning that after the request, we are setting the variable, but right now we wanna change that logic. So we're gonna go to our load products request here and we're gonna change this after request action. So instead of filtering any data here, we're just gonna select the whole array here, like so. Perfect. So when this request executes, it's going to set our filtered products variable to the whole array, meaning no filters are applied by default. And then when the user clicks on one of these buttons, we're going to filter these items. So if we refresh the canvas here, we can see all of the items, but if the user clicks on laptops, they're going to see just the laptops. Same thing with tablets and same thing with headphones. And this is how you set up advanced filtering logic inside of UIST. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Cheers.