Setting up email and password login is almost as simple as setting up magic-link login, but there are two additional things to keep in mind. Users might want to request a password reset link, and then they want to set a new password. Normally, those actions are done on separate pages and forms, so just keep in mind that we will need to set them up, too. Okay, let's dive right in and build our login via email and password form. We go to our Users tab, select Login on this page, yes, then Email Password Login. Now we select the Email field, our Password field, and our Login button. That's it, our login is properly configured. The only additional thing we want to set up is that we redirect our users to the Dashboard page after successfully logging in. And we are done. Let's proceed with our Request Password Reset form. This is a form where a user will be able to input his email address and get sent a link to a page where he can reset his password. Okay, so we select the page where we have prepared the form for this, and again, select the User tab, and now we select Request Password Reset. We connect our email fields, our Submit button, and select the Reset Password page where we want to redirect our users to in the email link. No worries, we are going to set up this page right now. Again, we select the page we have prepared in Webflow, go to the User tab, and now we select Reset Password form. We now connect our Password field, Confirm Password field, and the Reset Password button. And lastly, select where we want to redirect our users after submitting the Reset Password form. In this case, we are going to select the Login page. We are now done with setting up the login via password and all the password recovery settings. The only thing we are missing is a way to let users sign up. So let's build this. I have again already built a page for that in my Webflow project, so let's navigate to it. We are now going to our Request tab, create a new AirtableRequestItemRequest, create item requests with the same resource, base and table, we also connect it in the user settings. Then we connect all the fields of our user information. We only treat the Password field differently. First, at the bottom, we select this is a CreateUserRequest. Doing that makes sure that the user email gets checked during the saving process and it's not possible to create multiple accounts with the same email. And then lastly, we set the input field of our password. Quick note here, the password is the only thing that doesn't get stored in your Airtable database. For security reasons, passwords should be stored as a sorted hash and we take that complicated part away from you. You never need to worry about passwords, as we also manage the whole password resetting process in the background in a secure way. The only thing to keep in mind is that Wizard uses the email as the main identifier for a user. So if the user email changes, he will need to reset his password to be able to log in again. Back to our CreateNewUserRequest. We select execute on page load, no, and click save. To trigger this request, we will now quickly add an onClick connection to our sign in button. And voila. We are done with setting up our email and password authentication. You might now be eager to learn how to restrict the access on certain pages on your site to only allow logged in users, or even more granular, to only logged in users with a specific attribute. To learn how to do this, just watch the next video in this course.