In today's video, we're going to learn how to use whizzed action to manage states for our buttons and our form components. All right, let's jump into Webflow and let's have a look at our project. Here, we can see that we have a form and we added a whizzed attribute to our form. The same thing with our success state, we can see we have here whizzed form success and also all of the elements that we need inside. Here, we have whizzed input email, whizzed error message server side and we have our submit button as well. Note that we also have this loader in the submit button which also has a whizzed attribute. Lastly, we have also another class that we're going to toggle with whizzed and that is this is disabled state. What we're doing here is we're changing the color of the button and we're changing the cursor to default. This way, if a user hovers over the button, nothing will show up so that the user can't trigger this request over and over again. All right, now let's jump into whizzed and let's configure our actions. First, let's take care of form validation. We're going to create a new action and we're going to call it handle errors. We're going to apply to our form validation folder. Here, we're going to select our error message element and under configuration, we're going to set the visibility. We're going to make the element visible if r.1.d.error exists. Now, let's set the text of the message. We're going to go down here to set text, plain text and here, we're going to choose the same field. All right, and just like that, if we refresh our canvas, we don't see this error message anymore. And now, if we type in an invalid email address and we try to run this request, we're going to see that we get this error message. Cool, now let's set up state management. First, let's take care of the visibility of this loader. We're going to add a new action and I'm going to call it display loader. I'm going to apply this to our loader element inside of the submit button and under configuration, I'm going to choose set visibility visible if request one is requesting. Okay, now if I refresh the canvas, this loader will disappear and it will only appear when the request is being executed. Now, let's also take care of the button state. We're going to add a new action. In this case, I'm going to call it disable button. I'm going to apply it to the button element and under configuration, I'm going to choose set class, add class and here, I'm going to check if is requesting is true and I'm going to write and and here, I'm going to write is disabled because this is the name of the add-on class. You can see it here. All right, this is similar to a conditional statement. It's just called a short circuit operator and it basically sets this value only if is requesting is true. Now, if we close this and we try to refresh the canvas, we can see that if we write an invalid email address or even a valid email address, while the request is being executed, this button is going to be disabled. All right, cool. Now, the last piece of the puzzle is to hide this state of the form, display the other form when the form submission is successful and also change the title over here. So, let's start with the form. I'm going to call it here, show success message. I'm going to apply it to the success form and here under configuration, I'm going to choose set visibility if status code equals 200. All right, now, the last thing we have to do is hide this default form. So, we're going to create a new action. I'm going to call it hide form. I'm going to apply it to this form default element and here under configuration, I'm going to choose set visibility, visible if and here we're going to write if has requesting is false or if has requested is true and status code doesn't equal 200. All right, let's close this. Let's try to refresh our canvas and we can see here that this form is showing up. If we write here an invalid email address and we try to run this request, we get an error message and if we write valid email address, we can see that the form disappears. Awesome. Now, let's just change this heading as well. So, if this request is successful, we're going to write something else here. In this case, we're going to write you've got mail. So, let's add a new action. I'm going to call it set heading, apply to our heading element and under configuration, I'm going to choose set text, plain text, if status code equals 200, meaning if the request is successful, we're going to write you've got mail. Otherwise, if the request hasn't executed yet or if there was an error or anything else, we're going to write create a new account. This is the message that we have right now. And that's it. If we refresh the canvas now and we type in an invalid email address, we're going to see this error message. But if we write a valid email address here like this, we're going to see this success message. And that's basically it. This is how you can manage states for your forms and your buttons with with actions. Thank you so much for watching and I see you in the next video. Bye.