Hello and welcome to this clonable project walkthrough. In this video we're gonna talk about project Maya which is a bulk ordering e-commerce app. It's an app for shopping in large quantities. Now this is available as a clonable so you can simply clone this project and customize it and use it for your own business. Note that this clonable consists of three parts. It consists of the WIST configuration, the Webflow project and the Xano backend and all parts are available as clonables. In this video I'm simply gonna talk about the frontend. So let's have a look at that. We can see here that on the home page we have a list of products that are being rendered. Customers can simply select a quantity and add items to the cart. Once an item is added to the cart it appears in the cart above. Customers can also place orders here. And we can see that customers can see also their own orders which they placed. Now we have also another level of user permissions. We have a separate interface for admins and admins can see all of the orders that have been placed by other users or by customers. You can see how this looks here. You can also see that we have this authentication setup over here. So we have a signup page that's fully working and users can register here. We also have a login page where users can log in and we can see that it's working as well. There's also filtering and sorting as well and you can change the sort order. All of the requests that are required for this app are here in the data in and data out sections. We also have actions that trigger different things on the page and all of them are set up here. If you want to learn how this project was being built from scratch you can go to our YouTube channel and you can watch our walkthrough videos which will guide you through the process step by step. Also we teamed up with the Xano team on this project and they will show you how the backend functionality was being built that's required for this project. So if you're interested in that head over to their YouTube channel. That's it for the clonable overview. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.