Let's talk about page access rules. Page access rules allow us to define a condition and a fallback page. In case the condition evaluates to true, page access is granted for a visitor. In case our condition evaluates to false, undefined, null or empty, access gets revoked for a user and he is automatically redirected to the fallback page. But when is this even useful? Well, the most often used case is that we want to only allow logged in visitors to access a page. For that case, you can simply use the predefined condition, require visitors to be logged in to access this page, and set it to yes. Last step is to define the fallback page. In most cases, that's the login page of our application. But what if we want to allow access to users of a specific type? Let's say only users with a specific attribute. And for our example, we would only allow access for users with the name John. Well, for that, we can use a custom access rule. To create one, we click on custom access rule, yes, and then add a new one. Let's build the quick rule that only allows access for users with the name of John. And voila. Another great use case for using custom page access rules doesn't have to do with users at all. A page access rule gets re-evaluated on every datastore change. So we can, for example, also use them to redirect to another page as soon as the request has been completed successfully. Let's for example redirect our users to the dashboard after who creates a new task category. To do this, we create a new custom rule and define a quick formula that checks the request state. In particular, if the request has been executed and if the request status is 200. Now, let's set the fallback page. And that's it. A user will now get redirected to the dashboard as soon as he creates a new request category. One thing to keep in mind regarding the custom access rules is that they only get evaluated when you are logged out of the configurator. So yeah, you need to log out to see if your access rules and especially your custom access rules work.