Let's talk about how to set up requests to other REST API servers. If you have never heard of REST before, REST stands for Representational State Transfer, and it's an architecture style that provides standards between computer systems on the web. It basically makes it easier for systems to communicate with each other. Easier sounds good, right? In fact, it's really easy. Let's say we want to load a list of Pokemons from the PokeRP. To do that, we first define our resource and specify https://pokeapi.co.api.v2 as our endpoint. Then, we create a new request, define a name, and specify the path of our request. You might ask, what is the path and what is the endpoint? The answer is simple. The endpoint is the part that stays the same during all the requests you want to make at this resource. If we only want to make one request, it doesn't really matter. But if we want to reuse our resource, we better pick the part of the URL that does not change. Okay, so in case of our Pokemon API, that would be slash Pokemon. Notice the strange question mark sign at the content behind it? Those are what we call URL parameters. We don't pass them in the request path, but configure them in the parameters section. Let's set the limit to 5, which means we want to load 5 Pokemons, and the offset to 0, as we want to start with the first Pokemon the API provides. And of course, before I forget it, this is going to be a GET request. Why did we use GET? Well, the short answer is, because the PokeAPI requires us to query in this format. But in fact, they also only follow the HTTP method specifications. They also state that the GET request should be used if you want to retrieve resource information only. In contrast to that, for example, you would use the POST method to create a new resource. If that's all still completely new to you, I would recommend to watch a short video on YouTube about how to use RESTful APIs and the HTTP specifications. It's really interesting and well spent time. Working as a no-coder, I promise. Back to the request we have been building. We are basically done and can click save. Let's now go to our data tab and watch what we got. That's exciting. We got the name and the URL of 5 Pokemons. For simplicity, we display only the attributes of one of those 5. But when we hover over the array, we see that we got all the data we wanted and all 5. That was your first API request. Okay, okay, maybe not so fast. What about the header and body settings that we skipped? We didn't need them for this request, but you might need those settings for other REST APIs. You will find out what settings you need to provide by reading the API documentations of the resource you want to load data from. It will always be stated there. One short last note maybe. You can set the headers exactly as we set the parameters. But regarding the body, you should take a really close look at which format the resource is expecting from you. REST currently supports the two most common formats. First, multipart-formdata and secondly, application-json. Multipart-formdata is exactly like the parameters and headers. But in order to use the application-json format, you will need to make use of our logic fields, especially the custom text field, in order to create a valid JSON. This might be a bit tricky, so I would only recommend this to advanced users that really know what they are doing. If you fall in this group, well, amazing. If not, don't worry. You can still use the multipart-formdata content type to integrate with Zapier and Integromart webhooks and a ton of other REST APIs.