Hello and welcome to another UIST plus Finswith attributes walkthrough. In this video we're going to learn how to dynamically set filtering options. Now what this means is we're going to request categories for these products from Xano and then we're going to create filters based on the categories that we got. Now note that we are not starting entirely from scratch, we already have all the attributes in place that are needed as well as the script tags. All right with that out of the way let's jump into UIST. You can see here we have a request that simply patches our categories and now all we have to do is render a list of these categories. So we're going to go to actions create a new action and call it render filter options. I'm going to apply it to this filter template element. And under configuration I'm going to choose render list, list from array. Here I'm going to select the request response. And under variable for index I'm going to select a variable for indexing which I created earlier. Now if I refresh the page all I have to do is replace the label inside of the filter. So I'm going to create a new action I'm going to call it set filter label. I'm going to apply it to this label inside of our radio button and under configuration I'm going to choose set text, plain text. And here I'm going to choose the name of the category. Now the only thing I have to do here is replace this number zero with our index or iterator variable. And that's it and now if I refresh the page we can see that our filters are working. Cool, now let's have a look at a more advanced setup. What if you already have the categories inside of the products array which I do have here? Maybe I don't have to create an additional request in order to get the categories. So let me delete this quickly. The first thing we're going to do is go to page data and here we're going to create a new variable. I'm going to call this categories and I'm going to set the value to an empty array. Then I'm going to go to our data in load products request and here I'm going to set up an after request action. Here I'm going to select set variable, under variable I'm going to choose categories and here as the value I'm going to set the following. So I'm going to use a logic block and inside here I'm going to So I'm going to use a logic block and inside here I'm going to select this array with the products. So what I'm going to do now is right here dot map use a mapping function and I'm going to map through each item and return item dot category. And now we can see we got the categories inside of an array. But you'll notice we also have duplicates. This is because we can have several products with the same categories. So now we have to extract unique values and the way we're going to do this is as follows. I'm going to create a new variable by using the const keyword. So I'm going to write const and I'm going to call the variable myArray and I'm going to click equals this value that we have here. And at the end I'm going to add a semicolon. Then I'm going to create another variable and I'm going to call this one unique. And here I'm going to do the following. I'm going to set this to an empty array. Here inside I'm going to write three dots new set and inside of these brackets I'm going to add this array which we created earlier. Like so. And now all I have to do is write here unique. Now what I'm doing here is I'm setting the value of this whole thing to unique. And this is our array with unique values. Now all I have to do is go back to our render filter options action and here I'm going to replace this request which we had earlier with our newly created array. Awesome. And now the last thing I have to do is go to our set filter label action. And here I'm going to delete whatever is inside here. Whatever is inside here. Select our new array. And here inside of these square brackets write v.i which is our iterator variable. And that's it. Now if we refresh the canvas you can see that we are successfully rendering filtering options which we extracted from our load products request. And that's it. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one. Cheers.