Hello and welcome to another UIST plus Webflow tutorial. In today's video, we're going to learn how to trigger a Webflow interaction with UIST request states. All right. So what we want to build is the following. When a user types in a valid email address, let's say hehehe at hehehe.com, we try to run this request. And if the request is successful, we want to trigger this Lottie animation. All right. Without any further ado, let's jump into the project and let's learn how to build it. So the first thing we need to do is set up our Webflow project. And the way we did this is as follows. We have our Lottie animation here on the left and we created an animation trigger. This is just a regular div block that has an interaction added to it. And this is an on-click interaction. And on click, we are triggering our Lottie animation. You can see here, if I click preview, we are running our animation. So what we're going to do next is we're going to add an attribute to this element. You can call it anything you like. But in this case, I'm just going to call it. Animation. Trigger like this. Then we're going to use UIST, just simulate a click on this element. So let's head over to UIST and let's set it up. Inside of page data, we're going to add a new variable. In this case, I'm just going to call it animation trigger. So it's the same as our attribute. It doesn't have to be the same. It's totally up to you. This variable will not be used for almost anything. We will only use it to run a function inside. So for now, we're just going to write an empty string here. That's going to be the initial value of our variable. We're going to close this. And now we're going to go to our create user request. Now, this is a request that I already created before. If you don't know how to build those authentication requests, we have plenty of videos on that. So let's go to this request. And now we're going to add an after request action. Here, we're going to set the variable that we just created, in this case, animation trigger. We're going to make this a conditional. We only want this variable to be set or we only want the code to run if this request was successful. So we're going to expand our condition. We're going to select here status code equals equals equals 200. All right. So if this request is successful, then we're going to run this code. And the reason why we did this is just so we can write some JavaScript inside here. We are going to need only one line of code. So let's create a logic block like this. And here we're going to write document dot query selector. Make sure to use camel case. And here inside, we're going to write. Quotation marks. Square brackets. And this means that we are targeting the attribute. Which attribute? Well, we have it here. It's animation trigger. We have to publish our project as well so that this gets propagated. And here we're going to write animation trigger. And now we're going to just write here dot. Click. So what this is going to do is it's going to select our animation trigger element on the page and it's going to click on it. Perfect. Now we can close this, refresh our screen. And if we type in an email address that's valid, let's first write actually an invalid email address just to see if it's working so we can write something like this. If we try to run this, we can see the animation is not running. But if we write something that looks like a valid email address. We can see that it triggers our animation, and that's basically it. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye. Bye.