Hello and welcome to another tutorial. Today we're going to learn how to read and understand API docs in seconds. We're going to have a look at curl requests and we're going to learn what each part of the curl request means. Alright, before we jump into that, let's have a quick brush up on requests. Requests are used to perform four different types of operations. Create data, retrieve data, update data, and delete data. And we have four different types of requests. We have post requests, used mainly to create data, although sometimes we can use a post request to update data. We have get requests for retrieving data. We have put or patch requests for updating data. And we have delete requests for deleting data. Now in UIST, requests can be created in two different panels, either in the data in panel or the data out panel. The data in panel only allows us to create get requests for retrieving data. And in the data out panel, we can choose between these three methods, post, put, and delete. With that out of the way, let's have a look at a curl request and let's try to understand what's going on here. A curl request has a URL. That's the first thing here. And this contains our base URL, which is the first part of the URL, and it contains the endpoint. Then this part over here is the header of our request. And the header receives key value pairs. In this case, we have two key value pairs. We have content type application JSON. That's our first key value pair. And then we have a second key value pair, which is authorization, bearer. And here, this is just some text where we're going to put our API key in the future. The second part of the request is the body. And here, we have four key value pairs. We have model, prompt, max tokens, and temperature. And here we have values. Okay, but how do we know which type of request this is? Well, you don't have to look at this alone. Normally, when you look at documentation, you can usually see the method right next to the endpoint. Here, we can see that this is a post request. And in the documentation, we can read what each of these parameters does. So, depending on the parameters that we send to this API endpoint, we're going to get a different response. Okay, cool. Now, let's learn how to use this in UIST. The first thing I'm going to do is copy this base URL here. So, I'm going to go to my apps. In this case, we're reading the open AI documentation. So, I'm going to name the app OpenAI. I'm going to select REST API because this is a REST API. And I'm going to paste in the base URL. Since we saw that we need to create a post request, we're going to go to data out because this is where post requests are. I'm going to create a new request and I'm going to call it createCompletion. Under app, I'm going to select OpenAI. And here on the URL endpoint, I'm going to add completions. Under method, I'm going to select post. And now, I can pass the headers and the body. So, we said header is marked with age usually. So, we have two key value pairs, content type. So, I'm going to copy this, application.json. So, headers, content type, application.json. And here, I'm going to add another key value pair which is authorization, para. So, here, I'm going to paste the API key. You will be able to get an API key if you create an account on OpenAI. And the same thing goes for almost every other documentation. You need to make an account in order to get an API key. And bear in mind that if you have an authorization token and you're pasting your API key here, you want to check these boxes. Value is a secret and execute on server. This will ensure that no one can inspect your page and discover your API keys. Next, let's add different key value pairs to the body of our requests. In this case, I'm just going to use these four key value pairs. But if you're building a real app, you usually want to read what each one of these options does and then create a request that will give you satisfactory results. So, model, text da Vinci 003, prompt, text da Vinci 003, max tokens, and temperature. And in this case, I'm going to change the prompt, say hi to our viewers. And now we can see if we run this request, we're going to get a response. And here, we can see hi everyone. If you're not sure how to translate a curl request into UIST, what you can use is something called curl converter. And this will convert a curl request into JavaScript for you. If I paste the same curl command here, I can see how this looks in JavaScript. And this is much more similar to what we're having in UIST. We have method, post. So, here we have method post. We have headers, headers. And here we add then the key value pairs. So, we have key, content type, value application JSON. That's exactly what we have here. Then we have authorization, bearer, and API key. That's what we have here. And here we have the body. And the body will have these key value pairs over here, which we added there as well. Now, the OpenAI docs were very simple. So, let's have a look at some other docs. Here we have the openweathermap.org documentation. And here, we have a lot of different endpoints that will give us information about the weather. In most cases, when you open API documentation, you know what you want to find. You want to get, for example, the current weather. But sometimes, you might want to browse through API docs in order to get ideas or any features that you want to implement in your app. All right. But let's say here, we know what we want and we want to get the weather for our city. So, I'm going to go here to current weather data. And here, I can see that we have built-in API request by city name. And here, I have an endpoint as well. Now, if you have a URL like this that has only key value pairs and all these parameters are simply passed as key value pairs in the URL, that means that this is a get request. So, let's simply copy the base URL and let's try to build this in UIST. We're going to go to My Apps. We're going to write here, weather. I'm going to select REST API again and I'm going to paste in the base URL. Then, I'm going to go to data in because this is a get request. I'm going to call it get weather. Under app, I'm going to select weather. And now, I have to specify the endpoint. In this case, the endpoint is this part over here. And I have to choose the method. In this case, it's get. Now, in this example, all we need to do is send query parameters. So here, we're going to go to URL parameters and we're going to add some. The first one will be Q and then here, we're going to insert the city name. So here, Q. And here, you can either bind an input or in this case, I'm just going to have a hard coded value just for the sake of it. So, I'm going to write here Berlin. And here, I have to add my API key. So, app ID and the API key. And I'm going to paste my API key in here. And if I try to run this request, we can see in the response what's the weather like in Berlin. Finally, let's have a quick look at Stripe docs. Here, we're going to learn how to retrieve an invoice from Stripe. We can see again that we have a curl request. And here, we don't have age for header but instead, we have this U. In the header, we're going to write authorization bearer and then our API key. So, we can simply select our base URL here and we can add it to my apps. Now, here, I already added it. And then, I'm going to add the endpoint to our request which is this endpoint over here. And here, we would add the invoice ID. Now, this you can get from your invoices. So, I'm going to copy this endpoint over here. And we can see that this is a get request. So, let's go to our data in panel and let's create a new request. We're going to call it get invoice. Here, under app, I'm going to select Stripe URL endpoint. I'm going to paste invoices, flash. And here, I'm going to add an ID. Now, normally, you want to receive that invoice ID from another request. But in this case, I'm just going to hard code it just for the sake of this example. So, let's go to our Stripe dashboard and from there, I'm just going to copy the invoice ID. So, earlier, I used Stripe to create an invoice and I'm simply going to copy this ID. I'm going to paste it in here. Under method, I'm going to select get. And here, in the header section, I have to provide my API key. So, here, I'm going to write authorization just like we did before. And here, I'm going to write Bera and paste in my API key. Okay. And since I'm using an API key here that should be secret, I'm going to mark these checkboxes. Value is secret and execute on server. And now, if I try to run this request, I can see all of the details from this invoice. Cool. Now, that we saw all of these examples, hopefully, this helped you demystify API docs. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Cheers.