It's hard to imagine the internet without user accounts. Most web apps and services nowadays have some form of user authentication and content protection in place. It might even be a cornerstone of the business that you're trying to get off the ground. So let's learn how to build it. In this video we'll learn what is the out panel and what can you do with it, then we'll learn how to add user accounts to your web app and finally we'll cover how to protect content inside your app. With Wizd you have a lot of options when it comes to authentication. You can build a simple login with email and password by using Airtable as your backend or you can build a more complex system using Firebase on the backend and letting users log in with Facebook, with Google, etc. Another important component of Auth is content protection. You can choose with Wizd whether you want to protect an element, a request or if you want to protect whole pages. Now that we know what Auth is and what you can do with it it's time to build a more practical example. In this case we're going to use Firebase on the backend and Wizd with Webflow on the front end to build our app. A fun fact is that Wizd was actually built on Firebase so you have access to the same backend infrastructure as we do. Without further ado let's jump right into it. So the first thing you need to do is create a free Firebase account. Once we have this ready we can go and create a first project. So you can name your project anything you want. In this case I'm just going to call it my example project. Okay continue. I'm not going to enable analytics because in my case I don't need it. And that's it. Now we just have to wait for Firebase to do its thing. All right the project is ready. We can continue. And now we're in the console. So here we're going to go to build, authentication, get started, and here I'm going to select simple email and password. I'm going to enable that and I'm not going to enable magic link for now. Now you have all of the other options available to you as well so if you wanted to add another sign-in provider you can do that. The next thing we have to do is go to our project settings and here we need to create a new app. So I'm simply going to click on this icon over here. Here I'm going to call it my web app and I'm going to register the app. And here we can copy our API key, our app ID, and we'll need our project ID. So let's head over to Wizd and let's add Firebase to my apps. Once we're in Wizd we're going to go to my apps and click on the add button. Here we're going to call it Firebase. Under apps I'm going to select my app and I'm going to under apps I'm going to select Firebase and here I'm going to add my project ID, my app ID, and finally my API key. Once that's ready I'm going to hit save. Now if we head over to the authentication panel we can start building our first authentication requests. So first we have to select our authentication provider and that's Firebase. Now the first request we have to set up is the create user request because if we don't have any users created we can't log them in or load them. So let's start with that. I'm going to hit the plus sign over here and this is going to automatically create a request for me. It has all of the values filled out. The only thing I have to do here is bind these email and password fields. Let's head over to the signup page and here I'm going to set up these fields. So I already have an email field. I added Wizd elements earlier in Webflow so I can simply bind this field now. So first I'm going to click here under general input fields and here I have sign up email and under password I'm going to bind the password field. So sign up password. As for now we can save this request but later we're going to get back to it. So let's hit save for now and now we have to add the action to the signup button. So what we want to happen is that when a user clicks that button a request gets performed. So we're going to call this sign user up and here I'm going to apply it to the sign up button. Sign up submit and under configuration I'm going to create an on click request and when the button gets clicked we're going to perform our create user request. And that's it. Now let's head back to our create user request and here we have to select what happens after the request has been executed. So first let's run this request and let's see what happens. We can see here that a user has been created and we have all of these fields that we And we have all of these fields that we can use inside of our app. Now we see also here we have this request states over here and with these states we're going to build some logic. So let's go to after request and let's click on add. So we're going to navigate to the home page but only if the request was successful. So under conditional we're going to click yes because we have a condition. All right let's build the condition. So we can see here we get all of these fields about the user but the only thing we care about is this state over here. So we want to make sure that the user was created successfully. Now status code 200 that means that the request was a successful one. So we're going to click on that and here we're going to write status code this variable over here needs to equal 200 just in our example. So we're going to write equals equals equals 200. Now you might be thinking okay why do we have this equals equals equals? Well that's just the javascript way of saying make sure that these two values are exactly correct. So that this is a number and that it's the right number. So in this case it needs to be 200. If the status code returns anything else except 200 the condition will be false and the user will not be redirected to this page. So only if the request is successful is the user going to get redirected to the home page. All right let's hit save. Now that we created our request let's hit refresh and update our canvas. This will ensure that the action is applied to that button. So here I'm going to write another email now and we're going to create another user with a new email. And if this is successful if we configured everything correctly I should get redirected to the home page as soon as I hit sign up. And there we go this is how we configure the create user request. Now let's move to the other requests we need to also log in the user we need to load the user and we also need to set up logout. So let's go with login first. Login is very similar to create user so we're going to choose here under firebase authentication sign in user that's already pre-filled for us and now we have to bind these fields. Now this is very similar so we have another form for login and we have login email and here we have login password. Now I can hit save. And let's actually go to that page and let's set up the action the same way we did before. And here we want to apply an action to this button as well so we're going to go to actions and here I'm going to call it log user in. I'm going to apply it to the login button I'm going to apply it to the login button and under configuration I'm going to set it to on click perform request login user and I'm going to hit save. Now if we refresh the canvas that should be applied. All right let's go back to our request and set up the redirect so we're going to go to login user and here under after request we're going to set action navigate to homepage as well and again we want to create a conditional so we want to make sure that the user was successfully logged in before we can send him to the homepage. So in this case we're going to do almost the same thing we did before it's just that we'll look at our second request so in this case it's this login user request and we're going to go to status code again equals equals equals 200. Now if we hit save and we refresh our canvas we should be able to log in with one of the accounts we created previously so let's try that out and there we go we successfully logged in. Now let's build our next request and that's load user. With the load user request there's not much we need to configure. We can see here that if we run this request we get all of the information about the user. Now the only thing we have to do here is set up a trigger under trigger we're going to select on page load and we want to load the user on every page where there is a logout button because if there is a logout button that means it's a content protected page all right so let's go to logout here. Okay and that's basically it now if we go to any page that's requiring the user to be logged in we can see that our request is getting executed here if we load if we open the here if we load if we open the load user request we can see that we have our user. Okay awesome now you might be thinking okay but these pages are still not protected anyone can drop on them and you're right we have to still do some more things in the out panel so here under access control rules we're going to set up our access control rules so first we want to do that again on every page that has the logout button and under condition we're going to create our condition so if that condition evaluates to false we're going to send the user back to the login page in this case it's account login so account login. Now let's configure the condition so we're going to open this data field over here and we're gonna build this in a similar way like we did before so what we want to do here is we want to check whether the request is currently executing and if the execution was successful otherwise we want to send the user to a login page so if load user fails for some reason we want to send the user to the login page so let's expand this panel and let's go to the states below here so the first thing we said is we want to check if the request is currently being executed if that's the case we want to leave the user on the page because we need to wait for that response so this is our first condition and then the second condition is going to be or this is a sign for or we have that in our cheat sheet so you can always look that up and here we're going to write if has requested is true so if the request has finished and then we're going to check also if it was successful so if status code 200 so status code 200 means that the request was successful we're going to write equals equals equals 200 just like before so what this condition is going to do is it's going to check whether the request is currently being executed if yes the user is going to stay on the page and then once the request finishes if it was a successful request the user is going to be on the page if the request has executed but the user is not supposed to be logged in they're going to be redirected to the login page all right so let's hit save now all right now that we have that in place we only need to add a logout request and we're going to apply that on our logout button so here we're going to select logout user we're going to click that plus sign and here after a logout request we want to send the user to the sign-in page or was it login login all right okay and now if we hit save and we refresh our canvas we should have all of the functionality in place so currently i'm logged in we can see here that load user is active and that we get all of this information about the user and now if i click on logout i should get kicked out oh of course not i didn't add a logout action so we have to go back to the logout page i didn't add a logout action so we have to go to actions and we have to create a new action here i'm going to call it log user out and here we're going to apply this to our logout button under configuration we're going to set on click perform request logout all right and we're going to hit save if i refresh my canvas now it should be working as planned so let's hit logout and let's see what happens and there we go and now if i try to get to any other page i should get kicked out immediately so let's open job details and i get kicked out if i hit sign in i should get redirected to the dashboard and i should be able to visit all of the pages in this video we barely scratched the surface of out there's so much more that we can do with this panel we can cover certain elements while requests are being executed we can customize the look and feel of the page based on user fields and we can even create membership tiers for our users but in order to learn that there are first some concepts that we have to learn we have to master logic and conditionals which we're going to cover in our next video thanks for watching and see you soon