We're doing a WISD AMA. Please feel free to ask us any questions about WISD So we've got our first question from Michael he asks what happens to data when using airtape? I heard in a previous video That's that it's passed through WISD servers What data is passed through and is it encrypted? Data is being passed through the WISD server only if you tick the box execute on server but otherwise only Authentication related requests are being passed through the WISD server. And that is because Airtable does not offer Authentication logic out of the box. So we needed to configure that on our server So whenever you're dealing with auth requests, these are going through the WISD server, essentially So I believe Michael has a follow-up question He asked is the password encrypted that is can the user's password be seen by WISD employees? Okay, I see what you mean. So first of all, we do not store any data We only process it and send it further. So WISD is Essentially like a proxy here, but We also have an Encryption That we're using that basically encrypts all the passwords So even if you open Airtable you the owner of the project cannot see any of your users passwords So they are fully encrypted in that regard and neither we nor you can see these passwords you can just see basically a long string of Nonsensical characters. So yeah, that's what you get. Basically now Mark asked is there a way to push items to an array variable that's been created in the UI I know it's possible via the JS API, but wondering if it can be done via WISD actions. Oh Yeah, so you're essentially asking if you can add new items to a variable that you created through the WISD UI if That's your question. Yes, you can I basically showed that in the filtering and sorting request data videos that I created for Xano before we implemented Things with attributes before we made things with attributes compatible with WISD so there is basically one video that we still decided to leave out there just because we are showing array manipulation and storing this in a custom variable and Basically rendering data from that custom variable instead of from a request directly. So Yes, you can definitely do that in the WISD interface as well. You would type in the data as As in comma separated values to be then able to use that data to test out the action or any Functionality that you may have built if you don't have let's say the live data in the back end you could use it for that to just mock some data, but mainly what you want to do is Manipulate the data that you're getting. So let's say you're getting Data from Xano and you get basically a bunch of products and You want to filter and get just The products in a certain category and you can do that right on the front end within the WISD Interface or you can write a more complex Algorithm that will extract only the items that you need basically, so Yes, you can definitely manipulate different arrays and render data from these arrays within WISD. So yeah, the use cases are endless here like It's really up to your app what you're needing there That will okay that will yeah determine what you're going to write and the logic behind it Great. So moving on Anna asks, can you please share how the black market works? so the black market is essentially going to be a marketplace where you can buy different web apps, so you will be able to just Pay for let's let's say you will have the same projects that we have in our clonables but probably with way more functionality and Then in order to clone that project you will just need to pay So if you're a developer, that's a huge opportunity you can build apps basically for fun and put them out there on the marketplace to sell them or if you're Just looking for a new business idea and you don't want to build it from scratch Then you can find a clonable and just customize it. I think a perfect comparison would be the web flow template marketplace it's that but for WISD for web apps and I Am not sure if we can buy individual components or full build projects I know that for the beginning we will not have components Because we cannot copy and paste Just you know small components from one project to the other for now But we do have that functionality on our roadmap. So in the future there might be also building blocks as well that will include and One more thing that we didn't address is that when you're buying these type of apps you'll have to then clone the back-end Which might be Xano? Firebase Super Base, etc. You'll have to clone the front end Which is WISD and the web flow project. So you'll always have these three parts just like you do with regular clonables Great. So moving on Imanchu asks When is WISD getting full support of Firebase app? Firebase authentication has some major issues right now You can't send the password reset slash email update request for the created accounts Which is an important feature needed before launching a product Firebase has been unfortunately a little bit lower on our list of priorities for the extensions right now because most users have been no code friendly users, but we are definitely planning to Increase the support of features that we're offering within our built-in integration now Unfortunately for some of the features you have to create custom rest API requests and Maybe even dabble a little bit into JavaScript to make things work. So Yeah, unfortunately for now, it doesn't work. It's not at a hundred percent, but There have been solutions being developed by our devs Some of them will be launched with the embed 2.0 and some of them will be added later But we're definitely planning on doubling down on Firebase and Super Base as well so yeah a lot more support coming this way and Imanchu you may probably know this but Emmanuel did record a video for Firebase Auth and we have a clonable for Firebase CRUD operation Just two resources that could potentially help you. Okay. Thank you. Emmanuel now moving on Joseph Bate asks From a total newbie perspective when building an app Could I use value made tables flex based or should I use the CMS to develop a grid style form to show data? That has what I think are a more Clear column and row structure to answer if you can use reloom tables. You absolutely can if you want to use a regular HTML table, you can do that too, so Whatever you want to use you can the only thing to keep in mind is that When you're Dealing with this type of tables. You only want to render one element and in your build You only want to have the first item and then once you're getting data from wiz You're going to use that as a template element to render the rest of the elements So sort of like when you're working with Webflow CMS You basically create a design for one item and then no matter how many items you have in the collection They all have basically the same design with some field overrides So it works the same way in wiz you want to create just one element and then once you connect wiz to Webflow You basically use that template element to render a list from your database So yes, you can use reloom components or you can use a standard HTML table if you know how to create one Joseph Bates has a follow-up question He asked if building an application Should or could I build as far as possible with Webflow? Then use wiz to manage the things that you can't do or that I need done. I Think if you can just resolve something with a simple JavaScript function then you probably shouldn't just add wiz but if you need authentication if you need request handling and You want to do all of that in a low code friendly way then? Yeah, go with wiz so it really depends on your project and what you're trying to build like The way we work normally on wiz projects is we built the UI inside of Webflow and then when we need to add request logic authentication and so on then we do that with wiz So next question Michael asked I built the Wanderlust wiz app five months ago I am just now getting back into wiz as a solopreneur What wiz apps would you suggest I add to my wiz portfolio for prospective SAS type of clients? I would suggest that you pick an app that looks first of all Visually very appealing because it creates a good first impression when the clients see that and see that it's working and It would be good if you could also include something that's a bit more complex and If clients see that you can basically Create advanced functionality like maybe integrating charts or building a whole marketplace yourself and so on that creates Trust basically, so Think about which project would create the most trust and also which sort of projects I want to work on. So If you want to get projects that look more like marketplaces create a portfolio of marketplaces if you want to create dashboards and You know show different analytics features and so on And work on that type of stuff then create a portfolio with that so Yeah, make sure it looks good and also make sure that it works and That it's the type of work that you want to do in real life with clients Okay, moving on from Jeremy as far as updating to the new configurator Regarding attributes and form usage. Is there anything we can do to prepare in advance? Insider knowledge In general if you have already experienced with WISD things are going to be just a little bit easier So handling form submissions is going to become a bit easier. You will have to add fewer WISD attributes and so on There will be a little bit of changes in the UI We will have only one Request panel which will have both of your data in and data out requests, but There aren't any major changes really for you as the user We will make sure to create a full-on migration guide to show you how to move from v1 to v2 But it's going to be as straightforward as possible. All right. Thank you for that answer Emmanuel next question from Michael There's a big price jump with Sano between free and basic monthly subscription at around 70 to 80 dollars per month But it looks like a great tool. Is air table a good alternative and Briefly, what are the pros and cons of each? air table has a Lot of limitations basically if you're building a simple tool either for yourself Or for your company just an internal tool that not a lot of users will have access to Or if you're building just an MVP for the first 50 hundred users then air table Might be okay to start with but if you need things like performance that the requests load really really fast You're gonna need to stick with something like Sano firebase or super base. Also when it comes to The functionality that you can implement it's Very limited with web flow. Basically Sano is a full-on Backend an API builder. You can create a lot of API endpoints. You can configure advanced business logic on the back end Fetch data from other different resources everything happens really fast. You have a lot of storage whereas with air table you're You Way more limited you can extend the functionality of air table with air table scripts, of course, but it's Not going to be a full-on Yeah performance back end ever. So that's something to keep in mind if scalability is Important for your app if your app needs to be fast Then don't go with air table if you're building an internal tool that has a very simple data structure Or you're building an app for yourself Go ahead and and use air table Especially air table shines the most where you're having a simple use case You don't need many users and you don't need it to be fast and the best part is if you have collaborators everyone can jump in and make changes because it's a Very simple spreadsheets whereas you don't want everyone to Open Xano and mess there with your function stack so you can think about it like comparing Wix to Webflow Wix has some basic functionality, but it's not performant. It's not as customizable. You can't really design anything you want whereas Webflow really Yeah allows you to build almost anything you can imagine so it's it's kind of like that That's a that's a good analogy here. If you want cheaper options, you can go with firebase or super base the only thing is Especially if you are not technical You're going to pay the difference with your time. So Basically with firebase and super base if you don't know how to write any code if you're not familiar with SQL and no SQL and so on when you have to deal with Security policies on the back end and so on it's gonna take you quite a lot of time whereas With Xano you can figure that out quite fast. Even if you're non-technical. There's a lot of tutorials out there and Yeah, you can basically Yeah, you can basically figure out a way to make it work so yes, it is definitely a jump but Yeah, either you pay with the money or you pay with your time that's at least how I see it great Thank you, Emmanuel And I wanted to add that we are also writing articles on the databases Popular databases for Wist that we will release in the future that may help you decide which database to go with Personally, I know Xano offers good customer support. That's definitely something we'd look for in the back end I don't know about the customer support for firebase or super base Super base is probably community based. They have an active discord forum as well But I don't think it's official. It's community members helping community members moving on So Geoffrey asked I am new to the platform and I may not have found my own answer to this question Is there somewhere within the UI to view and or edit the created JavaScript file? I'm learning JavaScript and I would like to see what that flow is using. I Suppose you meant what Wist is using in this case Well, you can always inspect the page and try to get the scripts and I mean, I guess a lot of it is going to be minified but you can see the configuration object and you can Try to wrap your mind around what each line of code is doing but Yeah for now I don't depends on how technical you are and how much JavaScript you learned whether you'll be able to make sense of it or not, but Yeah, it's for now. You cannot just edit that script with pure JavaScript But yeah, maybe in the future. We'll add some extensibility. We'll see. Thank you Emmanuel for the answer next question from Darshil Can we make SAS tools using Wist by utilizing open AI some use cases? Can you highlight a bit more complex than wanderlust? I Mean you're kind of limited Mostly with your own creativity. So I don't have too many million-dollar ideas, unfortunately Otherwise, I'd build it myself. But yeah, you can use open AI pretty much for anything the way I would think about it is not to try to build like a super new shiny AI startup because that's Kind of easy to copy and hard to come up with a really good idea, but if you have an existing SAS I think there's a huge opportunity to add basically AI features to it. So Let's say for example that you're having some I don't know messaging feature Within your app and maybe some users don't really feel like writing those messages and coming up with Something coherent on the spot so you could embed basically Chat GPT within your app. So I don't know There's just one idea but it's it's really up to you what you want to build like the integration is there you can connect with the REST API and then Yeah, it's it all boils down to your idea. Basically great. Thank you. Emmanuel Himanshu is asking How can we implement pagination in the UI when the data in requests are returning 100 plus results? Currently the only way to limit results in a data in request is Adding filters the limit records option in the configurator isn't working It always returns all the records matching the query any idea how to implement pagination workaround