Welcome to a big announcement from FinSuite. There has been an acquisition in the Webflow ecosystem. FinSuite has acquired Wysd. One year ago, Jonas, the creator of Wysd, came to Mexico to meet some of the FinSuite team in person. One week later, we had a signed agreement making Wysd a FinSuite product. And for the past 12 months, Jonas and his team at FinSuite entirely reimagined Wysd. Everything is new, rebuilt, and stronger with FinSuite. This talk covers four topics. One, what is Wysd? Two, why FinSuite acquired Wysd? Three, a Wys V2 overview. And four, Intelligence Center. First, let's start with what is Wysd? Wysd is the brain that communicates between Webflow and our other applications. There are competing platforms that do the same technical computations that Wysd does. What makes Wysd unique is how it integrates with Webflow. Wysd is built for use with Webflow. And this is what other platforms fail to excel in. Let's look at this graphic to understand what Wysd does behind the dashboard. Wysd is going to serve as that brain of our web application. So we can have Wysd serve as a data center, a logic composer, a security lock, a data communication tool, all between our applications and Webflow. So let's look at this example here. If we want to identify a record in Airtable, see what its status is set to, and then based on that status, show information from Notion on our Webflow site, we can use Wysd for that. Let's do another one. If we want to load our greenhouse job list and then show user job details and then allow that user to apply to the job from our Webflow site, well, we can use Wysd for that too. Now, there are other applications that help us connect data between other applications. Other tools can help you communicate with APIs without code and send data to and from applications. And this is how we look at a lot of those other applications available to us. Other applications treat Webflow as another integration in their list of integrations. And this is how platforms approach that communication with Webflow. What makes Wysd unique and powerful is that it does not follow this approach. Wysd has Webflow as the core of its integrations. Webflow is the base that we must always build in. We want to. Webflow is always the front end of a Wysd project. Most other applications send data between apps and then use Webflow CMS as a source for integrating with Webflow. And Wysd does not do that. It doesn't communicate with Webflow CMS. Wysd instead builds a web application layer on top of our Webflow website. Wysd communicates with Webflow's front end. Send data in. Send data out. Make user actions trigger events. And on top of that, authenticate users, all on the front end of any Webflow project. Wysd can send requests to our applications and ask for data. And then we can bring that data back into Wysd and format it and then create some logic of why or when to use that data. And once we have our application data ready for use, we can then display that visually on our Webflow website. When users take actions on our website, Wysd can then perform those actions in the background. We can send data back out to those applications. We can update content on the page or any chain of events to create the web app functionality that we want. We can totally customize it. This is a new way to communicate between Webflow and our other applications. While communicating, we can authenticate users. We can choose which content an authenticated user sees, like gated content. We can display individual user content, like someone's account details. And Wysd groups all of these functionalities into one single UI. The Wysd configurator gives us a controller to our web application, which, as we know, sits on top of a Webflow project. Integration with elements in Webflow is too easy. We use FinSuite's trusted and powerful attribute strategy. Simply apply WL to any element in Webflow, give it a unique value, and that will be sent to Wysd. One custom attribute sends elements from our Webflow project to our Wysd configurator. The requests, the data, the authentication, this is an overview of what you can do with Wysd. Next, we'll go into story time and talk about why FinSuite acquired Wysd. After that, we'll look at the UI of Wysd v2. And last, we'll talk about the resources and education that comes with Wysd. Why FinSuite acquired Wysd? We have always had a vision of FinSuite as a product leader in the Webflow ecosystem. We want to integrate as deeply as possible into Webflow and help people build more. Jonas had a vision to create a no-code application that mirrored the power of a front-end development framework in Webflow. And Jonas spent one year developing that working v1. It was released in 2019 as Platform Wizards. In 2021, it was renamed Wysd. And since its launch in 2019, it has acquired and maintained a paying user base. Jonas had offers from well-known US VC firms. He considered taking VC funding to continue building Wysd full-time. Ultimately, he did not take the money because each investor wanted one thing, the same thing, no dependency on Webflow. The product would not be built for Webflow. Wysd would be built for many website-building applications and Webflow would be another option in the available integrations. Understandably, a VC would not want a heavy dependency on another product. Wysd will now inherit any successes and failures from Webflow. This can be seen as high risk for an investor because investors want this. Webflow is one app across many different app integrations. Jonas wanted Wysd to build web apps for Webflow. He believed Webflow was the right choice and Jonas wanted this. Finsuite wants this too. And Finsuite has made it very clear for years that Webflow is the answer. We believe this 100%. And Jonas and Finsuite, both of us, we realized that we wanted the same thing. After our first call, I knew he did not want to follow that VC vision. So Jonas proposed that Finsuite purchase Wysd and partner on a shared vision moving forward. We came to an agreement very quickly and seemed to agree on everything. Jonas would join Finsuite and continue the development of Wysd. Finsuite would acquire Wysd and create a team around that product. We agreed on these terms. We met in person in Mexico and we moved forward. It was a true win-win for both of us. Jonas was rewarded for his hard work and dedication to Wysd over the last two years. Jonas is instantly surrounded by a handpicked team to continue the product development. And now Jonas can focus on the product, on Wysd, not being a CEO of a SaaS company. And Finsuite gets an excellent product developer in Jonas that has a passion for building this product. And Finsuite gets a proof of concept MVP. It is already proven that this is a valuable product in the Webflow community. We've heard it. This leads to our V2. For the past year, a select team at Finsuite has been working on a redefined vision for Wysd. New UI categories, new user flows, and new features. Everything is redefined and rebuilt in Wysd V2. Instead of one person building a product, now we have a team of people thinking together. And this team has a shared vision of Webflow being the continued leader in visual web design. And this team has reimagined what building web apps can look like. And that's the story of why Finsuite acquired Wysd. Now let's get into the new Wysd V2 configurator. Wysd V2 overview. Wysd V2 is completely rebuilt with improvements across every functionality. We have restructured how to approach the Wysd configurator tool. Primary UI categories are now reorganized specifically for non-technical people. Let's now look at these categories. We have My Apps. We can add any Wysd native integration very quickly with Make, Airtable, Firebase, Xano, Notion, and many more. We can add any REST API. So any application with a REST API can be integrated into My Apps. And we can use any of those connected applications data as variables throughout the Wysd project. For example, if we connect to our Airtable account, we can then access any piece of that Airtable data anywhere inside Wysd. Next, let's look at Data In. We can bring data into our Wysd project from a different application. We can send a request to Airtable to get some data, and then we can access that data request inside Wysd. And once our data is in Wysd, we can use it anywhere inside the Configurator tool. Requests are made through Wysd servers so that your front end never exposes sensitive credentials. This means we can use private API keys. For example, if we request data from Notion and then we want to make that request privately, we can. No private API exposure needed. Then we can use that data like variables anywhere inside the Wysd project. Next, let's look at Actions. Actions are how we make interactive web apps. Actions are how we interact with Webflow's front end. We use Actions to display application data on a Webflow site. We use Actions to create triggers, like on click, to initiate application requests. And we can also add custom visibility logic to elements on the page. For example, we can display the name of a user and then allow that user to update their name, all through Actions. The user takes an action on the page and Wysd sends that request to and from our connected applications. The next category is Data Out. After a user acts, we can send data from Webflow to any application. We can send requests to applications based on page interactions, form submissions, custom analytics, and more. Update items or create new items in any of our connected applications. Wysd supports create, update, and delete requests. For example, after a user updates their name on the Webflow site in their account, we can send a Data Out request to make that update in Airtable. The user's website edit is going to be mirrored in the user's Airtable record. And the last category is Authentication. User Auth creates a personalized experience to transform a tool into an app. Create signup, login, logout, and password reset functionality. Create password-free login systems or authenticate users through Airtable. Customize user experience and application access based on account details. Protect content and create paywalls. We can also integrate Stripe-powered payments to receive money for our application. And custom authentication providers can be integrated through REST APIs. These are the core features of Wysd v2. We design Wysd around these application categories to help give non-technical people a better understanding of how web apps work. Our goal is to empower the Webflow community and do more with our projects. To learn a new technical skill. To grow your freelance career. To grow your agency. To create complex products that you never imagined possible. To accept projects that will take your career to the next level. Just like Webflow taught us the principles of HTML and CSS, Wysd will teach us the principles of application development. There is a learning curve. We recognize it. Just like we would find with Webflow. Imagine this. Webflow, without HTML and CSS knowledge, is good. Really good. We can create a website without deep knowledge of HTML and CSS. But Webflow with HTML and CSS knowledge is epic. We can craft experiences while following industry standards. It is amazing. We know this. The same logic applies to Wysd. Wysd without web development principles is good. We can create simple applications that communicate with our Webflow site. But Wysd with application development principles can literally change your career. We can create complex and custom web applications on top of Webflow without writing any code. We acknowledge this learning curve. And if you go past this learning curve, it will change the type of projects that you can work with. And we're here to help you understand how all of this works. That's why we crafted the Intelligence Center. Intelligence Center. This is our library of educational videos showing web app development principles through Wysd. Many of us learn the principles of HTML and CSS through Webflow University and Webflow Designer. We add HTML elements to the page and style them with CSS. We see it working. And now, thanks to Webflow, we understand the core building blocks of the visual web. Very powerful. Wysd will continue this education into web apps. We will learn the principles of web app development through Wysd. We will integrate third-party apps. We will make requests. We will render data and much more. This is now the next level. Wysd will help us understand industry principles through content, lessons, and building real projects. Let's look at our three learning paths. Beginner, intermediate, and pro. Each path has lessons for web app development principles, and then a build walkthrough to show these principles inside Wysd. All of this is free as part of the Intelligence Center. We learn about data types like strings, numbers, booleans, arrays, variables, and objects. We learn about making requests to our applications, and then mutating this data. After learning these development topics, we test our new knowledge by building applications that use these principles, real projects. And this is just the start of the Intelligence Center. Over the next six months, we will release over 30 clonable Wysd projects so you can continue learning through pro-developed builds. We'll have these projects available for free with video walkthroughs and documentation. You can duplicate any of these projects and start using Wysd immediately. We'll build a simple Uber Eats, a simple Craigslist, a simple Airbnb, a simple OpenTable, simple LinkedIn, simple Teachable, our own custom client CRM. We'll do Trivia, Link Shortener, Inventory Ordering System, Product History, Reporting Hours, Weather Widget, Wishlist, and there will be many more. We can use these projects as starters for client projects. We can use them for personal projects. We can just use them for a learning playground. The Intelligence Center is going to be a core focus of Wysd. We will grow our education library and our resources to help develop the new wave of technical no-code developers. The primary brand icon for Wysd is a brain. Wysd has knowledge at the core of our product, and we want to pass that knowledge to you. Thank you so much for joining us in this special announcement. FinSuite will work hard to deliver on these promises. Here's to our new future filled with web apps and levels of success we never thought possible. Go to Wysd.com today to sign up. ♪♪